what is up everyone and welcome to the W
show we've got a bunch of great topics
for you guys today including a special
guest that's right we've got oh there he
is he's kind he's kind of in the middle
of the frame now oh he's he's leaning
he's Le oh he's leaning out of the frame
now it's got hey uh we've got David on
the show to talk about the incredible
amount of effort that went into this
year's April Fool's prank I'm really not
quite sure how he pulled it off but you
guys might not realize this if you're
not sub crib to float plane we actually
had a lot of those people working out of
the house so it was the joke was that it
wasn't really a joke so we're going to
talk about everything that was involved
in getting entire Departments of the
company moved into that residential
house for almost a week for some of them
seemed pretty inconvenient uh we're also
going to be talking about how AI it
turns out is just underpaid foreigners
it's like that always has been meme yeah
exactly what else we got today uh uh uh
Discord wants you to monetize your
friends that's I don't know about you
guys but my friends are worthless so uh
good luck with that
Discord I don't know a a zero Time Zero
situation uh I didn't even have another
one I was just so focused on that Intel
Mega faab uh possibly haunted yeah yeah
that's the whole thing actually I
[Music]
guess see Sonic square square paste
Square P what would a square paste
Square spast yeah it's our Square paste
yeah you walk like but you can only move
in squares it's like artisanal uh
toothpaste anyway Squarespace and MSI
are the sponsors for the show today so I
think we might as well jump right into
what exactly went on over on Flo over on
Flo plane it's been an extremely long
actually couple weeks so the first thing
that happened in order to make this
April Fool shoot work was uh because we
accidentally double booked it with my
vacation I actually had to fly home from
Japan do you know this I didn't know
that was why I had to come back a week
early because we accidentally scheduled
our vacation during the April Fool shoot
which couldn't be moved cuz you would
think oh well surely we could have just
gotten ready and done the shoot a little
bit earlier but um I don't know maybe
maybe we'll have David kind of talk
about why that might not have been
feasible well some people were
speculating online that the house was
you know in between tenant but no
there's people living there currently
and so we had to send them on vacation
for 2 weeks so that we could have access
to the house for 2 weeks and move all
their stuff out oh my gosh
yes when I heard that I it took me a
second to like properly process what
that meant yeah well the thing is like
where you hold on sorry where did you
even put it where did we paid for
storage okay yeah so the idea was all
right we're going to move into the
office but the tenants there are very
much in the middle of lease like this is
this isn't like a yeah we can get easy
access to it some it's full of their
stuff so I got to say if I was them and
my landlord called me up and was like
Hey so here's the deal I want to move
all your stuff out of your house for two
weeks I'm going to send you somewhere
and then when you come back it's all
going to be moved back in probably in
the same would you do it I'm think I I
think so would you would you take the
deal free vacation let's say uh yeah
let's say it was uh if there's some
amount of assurance for like hey if we
like break this thing we'll replace it I
mean I can tell you they have nothing in
writing I think it would really depend
on the landlord but but maybe yeah David
would you do it okay your landlord right
now would you do it 100% I would take a
free vacation like you you go today
today okay what about you Dan sure yeah
yeah okay really okay we're all doing it
so apparently this is just a completely
normal thing I I it's definitely not
normal I would definitely bees any of us
are normal no not normal I can think of
a lot of people that would never do
this that's fair but I'm just thinking
like okay if I like take a couple small
valuables and like store them at my at
my parents place which I could do in
like half an hour then yeah whatever
just send it so I think one of also see
you I think one of the biggest
challenges with this though was that
David and I approached it with very
different Creative Visions from the
start so David why don't you talk them
through what could have been and we'll
let the audience kind of ruminate on it
themselves cuz honestly the issue was
not that his idea was bad in my opinion
I think it was great it just wasn't what
I had had in the back of my mind for the
last two or three years or whenever I
originally came up with this idea and I
was
like can we can we change this to anyway
so David do you want to talk them
through what you what you had thought of
yeah absolutely yeah that first meeting
we had was pretty contentious it got
pretty heated um my idea was more
mockumentary style so we're kind of
doing it more skits uh room by room
Department by department and separating
it more so that I could move people in
and out of the house a little easier and
we could you know have something set up
for them but it doesn't have to actually
uh be super real Mr consider it over
here meanwhile I'm like let's just move
the company in yeah and it was going to
be
definitely more absurd like one of the
first jokes that I wrote and I think it
was the the point at which we were
diverting uh was like oh yeah we don't
have enough power so we handed out
typewriters for people to work on uh and
it was going to be kind of more silly
and and absurd in that direction but
lonus uh convinced me
uh he he we we we argued and then after
a weekend of me cooling
down I was convinced uh that that he was
right and that having it be real thing
is something that you can't fake uh and
so we decided that we were going to
really move people and set them up in
this house and set up this real Network
infrastructure uh and bring real
computers real monitors and have it that
every single person at that house could
do real work and I'm pretty sure that
every single person that was in that
video other than labs labs is probably
the one yeah um they were really doing
their job in that house yeah so that was
what that was what um David told
everybody was in order to make it feel
lived in bring other like Logistics will
will bring in the monitors which were
graciously provided by vew Sonic and um
and landfest yeah um so the monitors
were brought in from a third party but
everyone was told okay other than the
basic like we'll have buckets for you to
sit on gather up kind of everything you
can carry such that you could do a day's
worth of work yeah and so that's why it
really felt lived in and worked in
because the editors were actually
editing real videos if you look if you
watch the video cuz the turnaround for
the April fools video was really fast if
you screen Peak you will see videos that
are not out yet being worked on by the
people sitting in the house one one of
one of the more insane meetings I've
probably ever had was talking to David
because I I I got this like message or
something I don't remember what it was
saying basically like yeah we need some
like servers and cables and I was like
oh okay we're just going to like take
some dead servers off the shelf we'll
just lay them there and we'll just like
toss some cables around so it looks like
there's table cables in the thing he's
like yes we need like a working nass so
the editors can like be productive while
we're there and I'm just like what is h
what like how is this necessary for
anyway so the part that David left out
of the story from the pitch
beating was that we reached a point
where I felt like we were at a bit of an
impass and one of my favorite conflict
resolution strategies is to bring in a
party to get a third opinion um in this
case it was less of a third opinion and
it was more of I feel like David was
being so sensible and practical about
everything he was trying to make sure
brought in like the most CU when he does
this it's it's great he'll always bring
in a loaded person who he knows is going
to agree with his side I so who did you
pick no I didn't I didn't even I didn't
oh fine Dave not not David fine Luke who
do you think I brought in then I don't
know um well make a guess cuz cuz you're
not going to get it Elijah
no come on come at I don't know I don't
know come at me ion
no where where was this meeting uh no no
it took it was in my office in the okay
yeah he's not going to get he has no
chance there was you might not remember
but there was actually two people
brought into this meeting oh oh oh I
forgot about and fourth party okay okay
oh oh oh you're right oh okay so first
okay fine go ahead you get one more
guest you haven't gotten either of them
yet James okay yeah yeah James was the
first one the thing you said two people
I was like well okay I forget what he
said though David what did James say he
was on your side almost right away and
that's when I knew I was like okay maybe
my Brilliance is not true okay I forgot
about that but it wasn't it I mean
realistically I don't feel like you were
digging in that much based on the
difference in Creative opinion it felt
like a lot of it was just like
everyone's going to hate
for doing this and so a fair that's a
fair thing to be concerned about so the
party I called in and where I think I
actually got David to come around to it
was I called Taran okay yeah so I I
called him and I basically went
okay here's the pitch I actually think I
would have eventually got that as long
as we as long as we make it clear to
everyone that we understand that their
deadlines are going to be pushed yeah
and that their productivity it's not
going to stress people out and as long
as I had teran's Buy in on the
opportunity cost because like dude David
I don't even know what the bill was for
this I don't know exactly either does
anybody know we should find we should
find out sure one of the I'm sure one of
the accountants do I don't know if you
want to find yeah there's like no way it
was worth it but the yeah so I don't
even know what on a podcast format I did
air quotes what the actual production
bill was for this but it was probably if
not certainly the highest cost
production we have ever done and that
even ignores the opportunity cost oh
yeah because it's one thing to hire a
bunch of talent to come in and produce a
thing it's a whole other thing to shut
down the I I would say David how many
people ultimately volunteered like what
percentage of the company did we
actually have in there I think total it
was probably around 55 is people okay so
that's over half that's like
because cuz out of the locals that's
almost 70% of the actual local staff
then like 60 something
per. that is absolutely wild so was
anyone volunt told or was it all it was
all volunt it was all volunt cuz I first
would meet I first met with the managers
and I was like hey uh you know can you
pick people and I mean I don't know
Department by Department how it went um
but I basically was like hey just pick
your people and then uh we'll we'll go
from
there everyone I've talked to about it
was stoked on it so like oh well you
haven't talked to all the same people as
me fun no everyone was such a good sport
about it and like I think there was such
a great energy being at the house um
everyone was having a good time and it's
rare that we get to do stuff like that
alt together and it's even rare that we
get to do that stuff with that many
people for production and so I think it
was kind of a real treat and everyone
sort of cherished uh the days we were
there I think for the people who weren't
part of that um they the vibe for me was
a lot like like old Channel super fun
when we would just like grab people out
of their desks and be like okay we need
to shoot a channel super fun guess what
you're getting you know shot with Nerf
darts uh it's going to be a battle uh
your team basement we're Team atct let's
go like like it really had that sort of
chaotic Vibe but I've got to give credit
to David to the logistics team I've got
to give credit to our partners it was
shockingly organized we booked 2 days
for the shoot and I don't think we went
over one and a half oh not even we were
like uh maybe 9 hours of shooting
absolutely wild actually super good yeah
very difficult to do with any form of
production yeah and the the number of
moving Parts there were in that mess the
and it was this was David this was David
being an absolute mad lad um I
didn't intend well I thought of it as we
got to the point in the script but David
had was already way ahead of me the idea
of actually shooting TechLink there oh
yeah on the janky green screen that's
not that's not me the thing the thing I
was going to say before we started and
you stopped me cuz you're like say for
the show was that the the interwoven
story lines was crazy and like easily my
favorite part you've got wow seating
interest you've got the the techlinked
seating interest uh you've got the the
the the prank at the end everyone's like
what is this that's a float plane
Exclusive by a float plane exclusive
like this one video is just like morphed
into so many different content there's
so there's so much like ah there's so
many lers circuit yeah there's a short
circuit that was shot in the hot tub by
the two J oh yeah yeah yeah I forgot
about that but totally yeah yeah I knew
about that that's yeah so many different
things oh I freaking love it uh Porto
asks this is in the float plane chat did
you guys have that had to talk with the
neighbors so I did see one of our old
neighbors you remember our neighbor on
the one side who we we had I felt like a
pretty cordial relationship with until I
think she's a bit of a like vegetation
Enthusiast um oh and we had an
arrangement me and Luke where his rent
was significantly subsidized by his
upkeep of the property yeah totally
upkeep of the property that he just
didn't do um kept the internet going
yeah
the state of our lawn the state of our
lawn was the straw and that's what it
looked like it looked like straw was the
straw that broke the camels back and was
what made the neighbors ultimately come
and complain to the city and get us
kicked out see I just I don't believe in
short Lawns because it's not good for
the environment it's not good for the
insects which are good for the the whole
like ecological how do you explain the
parts of it that were so short they were
dirt uh so
uh you want to make space for new plants
to grow so I saw I saw that neighbor
over the fence and uh I was in the
middle of a take or something but she
just
like I don't want to have anything to do
with you yeah yeah she didn't say hi or
anything so I'm like all right yeah I
guess you didn't miss us yeah yeah
that's okay I mean we were realistically
we were only in there for probably about
80 hours like a little over 3 days did
you ever tell her that I was supposed to
upkeep the property I don't think so
interesting cuz she was really good
friends with me the whole time all right
I like helped her with something in her
house one time I helped her move things
in and out all the time like we we were
actually we were good I thought we were
good too until it was actually her
daughter that like came to the door and
gave me a hard time about it interesting
so I'm not 100% convinced actually that
she ever had a problem cuz she might
have just like not recognized you to be
honest yeah that's possible it's been a
long time and if she had no primer that
you were supposed to be there why would
she think it was yeah that's true yeah
yeah that's true that's true the thing I
was most worried about with the
neighbors was there was six or seven
days where we had moving trucks and it's
a it's a compact Street uh and there's
no parking spot so we would just double
Park this moving truck from different
companies cuz there was different people
that were involved uh and people would
people were really nice which I was
grateful for but I could tell by like
the six or seventh day of a moving truck
neighbors were starting to get curious
about what was going on yeah nothing
they'll go and they'll check and
there'll be nothing everything's gone
everything's clean the Perfect Crime man
and some of the stuff we did was just
could have caused an immediate call to
the city like that shot we have of all
the cars in the back
alley I totally forgot about that how
did you do that how was that okay we
locked out M so hard David wasn't even
coordinating it he was in one of the
cars and I was I wasn't thinking about
this at all I was like hey um it was
Andrew shooting at that point I think
right yeah I was like hey Andrew um you
know what and people were kind of like
pulling in from both sides I was like
Andrew maybe get like a panot I didn't
mean immediately I just meant maybe get
like a pan shot of all the cars cuz we
wanted to feel like the whole alley was
packed and it did didn't it in the shot
so he just starts doing it immediately
and it just happened that everyone like
like stopped right as he like the yeah I
was I was like David I don't think we
need to do another take everyone get out
of here it was so lucky too because I
was really getting frustrated I was like
I need I need five people in cars I need
six people in cars I need cars right now
and no one was moving I was like oh
goodness gracious and then eventually we
got like four people that were there but
then all the labs people rolled up just
as we were doing it and so all of a
sudden we have like eight or nine cars
packed in there and it was it was
perfect who whose car had been PE
recently Colin able to get that key shot
okay the amount of convincing that
happened for the video too I don't know
if we want to even say who it was but a
certain news organization reached out
asking for comment um okay wild this is
really funny that's crazy this is funny
hold on I'm going to I'm not going to
say who it's from but I will say that
this is a serious um and then if I if
while you looked at up if I remember
correctly there's a whole thread on the
Forum about how everyone was mind blown
that you guys keyed a car for the video
y there there was a few people that were
like oh you can see if you look frame by
frame that it's didn't get pointed out
but a lot of people were no Andrew's
Andrew he man he worked the camera we
worked the
angle so good okay so this is this is
the email sent to me and our CEO yeah um
hey guys sorry to be shooting you a work
email on Easter Sunday saw this super
odd post on threads from your account
and wanted to reach out to confirm
whether it's real or a joke I've
attached a a screenshot um and it's just
and it's that one that's like guess
who's moving you notice of eviction dear
uh something of lonus Media Group we
regret to inform you due to your
continued failure to make mortgage
payments blah blah blah blah blah it was
just part of this it was part of the
whole April Fool's bit yeah oh man I
recognized the the meme yeah I I I love
that
um you know what no I think this might
identify the outlet so I'm not going to
I'm not going to yeah I think my
favorite fake out was there was a brand
that reached out and was like oh can we
get your new address we need to send
some stuff to you and it was like no I
didn't hear
that oh my God cool that they still
wanted to support yeah yeah I mean even
though I you know I had we had our
accountants looking up how to commit tax
uh tax FR or whatever and I outright
said that you know sponsors weren't
going to get stuff back they're like God
you been paid before yeah sure should be
fine he's good for it I fig he couldn't
go to the same country as P
Diddy it's true I don't have a private
plane yeah just a just a vision room
yeah yeah exactly you like you like
raising up into the that I broke at that
moment you know what's really funny is I
screwed up the take I had my eyes closed
I couldn't see
sh oh my God that's really funny I was
like hey David I think we got to redo
that tap cuz I I had my eyes closed it
was so good and they were like you know
what no that's actually kind of kind of
funer oh man the the behind the scenes
is over an hour and even though I was
there for almost all of it I almost all
of the actual shooting of the behind the
scenes I wasn't there for a lot of the
setup because I was on vacation I come
in jet legged as heck kind of with a
little bit of trepidation no offense no
offense understanda little bit of
trepidation this is a major major
investment one that we have absolutely
no hope whatsoever of recouping any any
of of our costs from straight up tax
rate
off straight up tax off we lost so much
money on this production oh yeah all the
money and so I'm coming into this shoot
going okay you know we had a good script
review I think everything's in probably
in pretty good shape I think it's in
capable hands but you never know what my
first big project um and it was
enormous yes yes so there's there's
there's so many moving pieces and so
much that could go wrong and I walked in
the door and I I had not intended for it
to be in the cut of the YouTube video
when I walk in the door and I just lose
it right because it was the intention
was for me to be more like in my just
like you know character right um but
when I saw the rough cut for review and
I saw that they had left it in I went
you know what it kind of It kind of
works but that was it I hadn't seen it
yet that was that was the moment I
walked in the door was like okay cuz I
saw the editors there dude the the
four-person
desks with with the that's so funny like
I just I I can't that's all David the
bunk Des that was so funny I and like
it's actually efficient sort of and like
bra like hold on a second this this kind
of works yeah and you're like why do why
is this like why does this work in my
head this shouldn't work at all why why
am I sort of okay with this but also not
and then watching people like I think
you had to like crawl over someone to oh
my goodness it's just so good it's so
good I want to clarify that one wasn't
my idea and it's it's one of those
things that it's like I had so many
meetings and like brainstorm sessions
that it's such a mish mash of a million
ideas so I don't want to take credit for
too much but uh I'll take credit for
some of it yeah yeah I mean absolutely a
team effort was it Justin who put
together the like bunk desks and like so
that was so early on I recruited
Logistics in order to make things
possible and I'm someone that doesn't
like to ask for help I'm a I just want
to do it myself I'll I'll put in the leg
work this was too much but it was
impossible this was a good it was a
great exercise for me cuz I had to
communicate with people and be like okay
I need need help um and so they were
really good about finding smart
Solutions like I remember going to
Justin being like okay I need this bunk
desk for social to sit and he's like
just use the shelf and I was like I was
like oh yeah okay yeah when I saw that I
was like oh smart that was really funny
yeah yeah um and the same with the desks
I had given him a drawing of like oh
here's kind of like what I had in mind
and he and then Logistics I think Alex
was like can we just put a desk on top
of another desk I was like yeah okay
sure
fine uh the pered Retreat asks the only
thing I'm trying to figure out is does
Gary actually like Ark at all obviously
he's holding Intel stock but lonus can
you comment don't read too much into a
joke there is knowing Gary do you guys
have any idea what his background is the
guy's the guy's ethical there's no way
he's holding Intel stock and boosting
Arc what Gary is an Enthusiast for is
exciting Innovative new technology
that's why the guy buys dumb stuff like
quad effect that's why buys into and
daily drives stuff like Ark so that he
was there if it takes off he was there
before it took off he's an early adopter
um to a fault right his personal
computer is like super sick yeah of
course it is it's not necessary yeah
it's Gary yeah exactly um so fit the
bill he he likes the idea of there being
another competitor in the GPU space and
so should you and to be clear when I say
his personal computer is super sick I
don't mean he just like bought expensive
parts and put it in a box it's like very
artfully done and took some
craftsmanship if I remember correctly
it's Hardline water cooled it's very
nice it's been a long time since I've
seen it but it's very nice yeah uh man
there's honestly there's like there's so
much that we could talk about
um oh man there's a lot of jokes that
did not make it into uh the Youtube
video or cuz the script was kind of
rough like there's scripted Parts but
then there's parts of the script that
just say crawl around on you know the
people in this area and interact with
them a little bit right and so man we
had uh did the did the line about the
the clothes being red because of the
blood of the PE the underpaid people who
were making them did that make it into
the cut the blood making the shirt red
did make it in but it did I think it was
Sarah's blood though oh no that's a
separate thing s
Sarah or Sarah's blood is on the merch
shirt and we're like why is there blood
on this shirt oh because I put Blood
Sweat and Tears okay got it got it got
it got it um yeah anyway there's there's
some stuff that definitely didn't make
it in the the energy was was great was
incredible uh just you could tell people
it's the kind of thing that feels like a
chore in the moment or like as you're
getting ready for it but then you do it
and then it's over and you look back on
it and you're like I'm glad I'm glad I
participated in that type too fun
I I couldn't believe the commitment to
the bit when I got out to the backyard
found out that the hot tub heater
doesn't work and Jake Bellon wait it
actually didn't it works but it takes
like 24 hours plus of of heat Heating
and I couldn't leave it overnight cuz
I'm not watching it and so every hour
the day before and every hour that
morning I got there like 3 hours early
to put it in to give it a chance uh but
it made no difference it was freezing
cold it was freaking cold it was raining
wasn't it and the fact that Jake bance
and Jake tyy were like Belle was in
there a long time because he was in
there from when we shot the LTT when we
shot that portion of
it I didn't realize they were separate
that makes sense until Jake tyy arrived
and got in with
him and then shot that entire short
circuit video oh man I
I I I couldn't believe it like the and
the poor editors like they were there
almost all day on their
buckets oh they weren't sitting on
buckets they were sitting on the ground
oh right right their desk was made of
buckets their desk was made of buckets
yeah I got a I got a pretty good idea of
what the vibe was going to be like when
David messaged the general chat and he
goes hey does anyone have any camping
chairs or five gallon buckets I need as
many as I can get it wasn't the Whip and
Piller that uh that tipped you off I
didn't see
that fun fact that riding crop that
Dennis is using to hit Gary with during
the uh the torture scene yeah we already
had that yeah create a
warehouse that's some upcoming
merch our new lineup oh my it was
actually an inspiration piece for the
ultimate cat
teaser oh yeah cuz I had told those guys
I wanted the quality to be um kind of
similar to like a like a leather wrapped
riding crop
however I that one is clearly for
play I had meant more like an actual
riding crop you know you know the like
type of people when you you ask for that
and they don't go to like Stampede they
go to a slightly different organization
to acquire one yeah it's like
hm any cuz we we have like literally
down the road yeah there's a shop you
could buy an actual one for horses I
know like I
know pretty cool
yeah now that it's
over are you ready for the next one oh I
thought we weren't doing another one
we're never doing April fools again that
is true APR
fools so did did you did you was it
worth it it was definitely worth it and
uh I had a good time doing it I was very
exhausted I'm still like kind kind of
recovering but uh I go on vacation next
week so it's perfect timing um but yeah
it was a thrill uh this is kind of the
projects the kind of projects I want to
do so I'm uh I was very happy to be
doing it all right cool all right thanks
David appreciate you sticking around
with us for uh for a pretty late day for
wait no sorry hold on I can't let you go
just yet um speaking of you being tired
okay there yeah there's um we have some
mer I forgot we had some merch messages
um pertaining to this uh Robert asks uh
this year's April fools video was
probably top three for me uh how far out
do you start planning writing and
shooting the April fools
videos well we started next
year's so that gives you an indication
uh I was brought in to this one a few
months ago uh and there had already been
the idea uh and I was kind of given like
hey write a script and or come up with
ideas and we'll talk to lus and stuff so
it's been probably three-ish months that
has really been sort of in prog and then
the last 3 weeks here for me have been
100% dedicated to this um maybe like 90%
I have other stuff to do but um so it's
3 months of planning kind of going and
then 3 four weeks of like Full Tilt
making it happen I'm trying to see here
when we asked the tenants um if they
were chill with it uh November 20th wow
was when we was when we pivoted because
we had originally planned something else
and we realized that it was not going to
be possible to execute in time I think I
was still a shooter at that point yeah
so that was that was our initial
Outreach um oh no that wasn't even
initial Outreach that was like Ivon
connecting everyone to talk about it in
more
detail uhing wait what did lwig just do
what did lwig just do oh no oh
no we have a curse lwig video released
during Wan show whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
what is what did he do what is this
about is this is this is this something
to lewig video just dropped okay hold on
whoa why is everyone talking about this
I oh
no stop doing this emergency stream is
that it that's live right now I don't
think so oh
okay they're confused float plane
notification you mean our lwig video oh
oh oh the lwig video is out oh okay well
that's probably bad timing anywh who
well let's continue with W show yeah
floaters are floaters have got a lot of
content to watch okay sorry let me just
see if there's a couple of other I love
you guys calling them floaters
is Aaron asks the April Fool's joke
seemed like a lot of work what was the
most difficult thing the most difficult
stunt to pull
off I think it's the people I think
there's some departments that were like
super on board and there's some that I
had to make it just so so many
accommodations for uh and I had to make
a lot of my work was making sure that
they could arrive at the house and start
working um because they were more
concerned with making sure that they
weren't losing productivity so cuz some
deadlines are not even they're not
self-imposed they're not management
imposed they're like government imposed
so I'm sure accounting had some concerns
about like hitting deadlines well they
they weren't too bad I don't want to
name the department I'm not I don't want
to that fair enough fair enough but I
think um but I think it's getting the
people there is the hardest part there's
no like single prop that was super hard
um it's just like timing the people
having it all work out and I think like
I just we got so lucky that everything
was lining up uh and there was no huge
issues and it was like spitting rain
sometimes but it didn't rain too much
and the times we really needed to be
outside and walking around it let up and
like there there was a lot that went
right it kind of reminded me of some of
those old uh like production ad
production shoots way back in the day
for like Asus and Funk and stuff like
that where like oh yeah I'm sure it had
started if the wind had picked up like
this 20 minutes earlier we wouldn't have
gotten the shoot done if the if the if
the water seal had broken on the camera
you 5 minutes earlier we wouldn't have
finished getting the shoot and like just
it it reminded me of the old days in
more ways than one
uh all right let me see if there's uh
any other the the old days as far as I
can tell we have fairly diligently after
the fact labeled all of the April Fool's
video with April Fool's joke at the
beginning of the title so if you want to
look up our old videos it's actually
pretty easy to do I wanted to look at
our 2013 one and found that a lot of
them are are labeled April fools 2016
April Fool's jokes well Luke do you know
why no because we had to because too
many people believe
[Laughter]
it was actually causing problems and
before you guys say hey um oh yes oh
yeah we'll do that right away uh before
you guys say they're probably trolls lus
you're falling for the no you have no
idea I can tell the difference after we
labeled it April fools this this should
tell you after we labeled it April fools
the problem went away yeah but a
significant number of our previous April
Fools have needed the label sooner
rather than later or it's been a real
problem that's pretty funny yeah I I
just I don't really know what to I don't
really know what to say other than I
think was it George Carlin who famously
said think of an average person half
yeah half of people are dumber than
that I I still I still love the fractal
design R for unboxing April fools it's
just like I I Adore this type of humor
was it your idea to just leave it there
for 11 minutes yeah because back then I
here
we uh no back back then that was the
typical length of our videos and uh
there was no preview like that there was
no thumbnail preview or um like U like
timeline preview that's the one so the
video is just um yeah 10 minutes of it
just sitting in the yard so this was I
think the third time I had unboxed this
case yeah the first time I unboxed it
again so the second time I unboxed it
was because I forgot yes I
legitimately made an entire new unboxing
about the Define R4 not realizing I had
already done it you know you've unbox
too many things when yeah and then yeah
you you drop it yeah I just I just find
this so
funny uh
H I don't even know what I'm saying I
watched the server room on fire one that
one was not
funny yeah I I cuz my kids asked if we
had ever done a prank on our staff for
April Fools and that one if I recall
correctly you guys didn't know didn't
know but like figured it out I guess uh
pretty quickly why was the reactions
like really bad yeah it's just it just
like isn't funny and the fire pole one
is not very good but I'd say the rest of
them the fire Poole meme lived for far
too long Luke the fire Poole meme is
still alive still alive still alive
David can you tell us when was the last
sighting of the fire pole it's in the
April Fools video okay people kept
saying this I didn't see it it's very
short if you watching that video there's
11 more minutes of nothing other than
that case just sitting in the grass it's
it's amazing that's my type of April
fools yeah I I love that kind of stuff
um so hold on I got ads what is this ad
okay so here's a here's the video oh
look we've got David just floating here
I love it hell David um he looks like a
suggested video I I click on me click on
me please I get credit for this one go
Linus uh but going out my executive exit
oh wait no not the one a little bit
further uh hold on wait for it where did
I go oh yeah here we go here we go here
we go going out my executive exit Okay
this is David the executive exit just
like out the window so I don't have to
see everyone I totally ripped that oh
did you see it you see it I didn't like
put together it was supposed to be the
fire pole I thought it was just like a
drain pipe or something so I go out
and that's really funny actually dude
this video is worth watching at minimum
five times yeah I didn't really think
about watching it again but I feel like
I have to there are especially for
someone who actually worked out of this
office that it is so full of inside
jokes and references to the old days and
random weird little Easter eggs and
props I don't think that if you gave me
6 months to do it on my own right like
this is not something that could have
been done in one mind many Minds I
couldn't have come up with this many
references and I worked there the whole
time like I yeah it's absolutely
brilliant people are like whoa I missed
that someone said why didn't you was on
a float plane which is a pretty good
question that is a good question the
reason is because I didn't have another
float plane window oh no I did have
another float plane window open okay I
usually don't have a second float plane
window open and then I always screw up
redirect the and I go somewhere else it
takes away my chat
and there's a solution to that there's a
very easy solution to that but I just am
in the habit of not browsing float plane
because I I always do it and then it
Clos my chat yeah um I just wanted to
Raz you yeah oh man so yeah float plane
if you are not subscribed on float plane
now is the time to do it there's a
couple of reasons for that one is that
pricing is actually going up in a little
while I've heard about this um but
because of our commitment to uh to to to
honoring our agreements uh anyone who
subscribes at Old pricing will be
grandfathered in at that pricing that's
cool because I haven't confirmed we can
do that yet so we'll figure it out no
they have to be okay yeah it has to be
that it has this is the way sick uh yep
anyway so thanks yeah m is Leed
development yeah um I'm I'm pretty sure
it'll be fine we already have a
grandfathering system I just don't know
about extending it to multiple tiers but
we'll figure it out so we'll make it
work and uh the other the other reason
is that it is full of amazing content
right now they did spring break on float
plane um which involved a whole bunch of
exclusives so we've got Labs hide and
seek we've got extras from the uh bedet
shoot with lewig we've got Tanner
revisiting black lab computers he went
back for a six-month update to see what
it looks like now there was the
departmental airplane paper airplane
battle um which I totally won don't
bother uh checking extra is from the
world's biggest gaming screen and of
course the hour and a half long behind
the scenes that uh the reviews are in
and people are loving it's good it has
an Infinity like dislike ratio um I was
pretty upset at you in the video cuz you
keep being like the behind the scenes is
going to be better than video and I was
like screw you the video's going to be
great but uh you're right the behind the
scenes is better well it's not I didn't
mean that in like an insulting way I
just meant I just meant there was so
much depth to everything that was going
on that there was absolutely no possible
way that it could be absorbed in a
YouTube video length there was no
possible way so the behind the scenes
has all this additional context and all
this additional interaction uh you get
to see you know just everyone kind of
goofing around like the energy on the
shoot was so positive I've already it's
so long that I haven't had time to watch
it but I have literally marked out time
to watch it tomorrow uh I'm genuinely
quite excited I think the best uh the
best review of it that I saw was someone
saying I clicked it without checking the
Tim stamp and then didn't check how long
I'd been watching and I was an hour and
15 minutes into it that's a that's a
good review that's extreme they watched
a movie yeah so kudos to the social team
for putting that together and of course
the editing team helps by kind of
earmarking bits that
don't make the cut um but they but they
do go into the behind the scenes and uh
oh yeah I got to give credit to Sammy
for just being an absolute unit because
while you know Andrew did awesome you
know getting the the real video shot the
YouTube video shot when Andrew could
turn off his camera and take a break I
mean Sammy had to keep
rolling um yeah anyway now's a really
good time to get subscribed over on
float plane we've got a ton of really
great content over there and of course
the entire bad catalog as well all right
I think that was it for Merch messages
that were explicitly directed at David
okay now that we started acknowledging
them a couple more of them came in
um okay no no okay no I think I think
you're good I think you're good David I
think that well I wanted to ask chat
question cuz I haven't seen very many
comments one about my favorite joke in
the entire video which is the Mad Max
joke where a 100 people enter one person
gets rich and I'm very disappointed no
one has commented about that cuz I think
that's a brilliant joke Oh I thought was
hilarious so funny it's one of those
things I was a little worried about
because you know I mean you know how
Reddit can be uh the the fact that the
fact that actors have to have it in
their contract that they can't like be
mean as part of their character because
then fans might not like them anymore
they might think they're mean like that
kind of thing the fact that that has to
exist I mean George Carlin once did a
bit about how you okay whatever we we've
talked about this already um but that
was one of those lines that honestly I
read it that's David's line that's not
my line um I read it and I
went can I trust the audience to be
smart enough to know that this is a line
I am playing a
character and I wasn't sure but I
thought it was so funny and I thought it
was worth it yeah that was one and
before it got to you I was told I don't
think people will get that you should
cut it and I was like I will not I will
fight it has to make it one of the
things that I liked about that was even
if you didn't get it from like a Mad Max
reference it's still funny yeah mhm it's
still works so and it's just more funny
if you get the reference the other thing
I was wondering too I wish we had a
Tracker but we we we had that PS5 uh
jailbreaking joke that has a link in the
description cuz we faked you know the
the the the UI to make it look like we
had a hacked PS5 and if you click the
link it's a Rick Roll and I really wish
I could know how many people click that
link with oh did we not use a track I
didn't know that was a thing we have one
if you ever want something like
that in the future just let me know yeah
we we have our room set up for sponsors
chat some of you guys can let me know
what uh how many people clicked says I
click that
screen that's all I wanted to there's a
lot of people saying they clicked it
that's awesome hate and love you clicked
it I clicked it clicked it yeah twitch
chat yeah I mean well those guys are
idiots so
I'm I love you twitch I love you twitch
chat I love your Twitch watch ads watch
ads um Colton Colton turned the ads back
on that's why the ads are back on so I
remember I kept turning them off yeah
yeah so Colton turned them on he told me
not to touch it
anymore like okay all right fine buddy
so good all right all right thank you so
much for hanging around late today David
my pleasure thank you so much for having
me all right take care see you bye bye
thank you all right moving on to your
regularly scheduled programming oh wait
no before we do that uh we got to talk
about our collaboration just going to
say are you going to suit up yeah dog
yeah you guys might have sizes in there
oh okay hold on I'll make sure I get the
right size then actually this game's
like the kind of thing that David would
want hey David before you wander off let
me just see if I have your size here I
think you'd be into this okay uh we got
one extra are you a medium or a large uh
probably large these days no I new
medium W okay all right everybody from
aex chat check this out check this out
we heard from the Terry Fox Foundation
who we have never actually collaborated
with even though we've talked about
Terry a little bit on the show before
and um basically the extent of it is
that they were like hey it would be
super chill um if you guys if you guys
wore the shirts that we're doing this
year and then there's a hold on there's
a message inside here here it is uh that
I just wanted to read actually here uh
Luke do you want to read this because
I'm probably going to cry if I do it so
um I'm just going to change into my
shirt you're
cry all right I'm going to throw mine on
thanks David it would be a really funny
combination of you like flexing in the
shirt him crying and I'm reading out the
note I would find that very entertaining
thank you for the shirt uh yeah the
Terry Fox Foundation Terry's courage and
determination to always keep going no
matter what continues to inspire
millions of Canadians 44 years after his
iconic marathon of Hope the Terry Fox
Foundation is kicking off the 2024 Terry
Fox run by once again teaming up with
Ryan rennolds to launch a limited
edition shirt that features the tagline
no matter what as a reminder of Terry's
strength persistence and commitment to
fund raise for cancer research Canadians
can now order the limited edition shirt
at Terry fox.org with all proceeds
supporting critical cancer research in
Canada we encourage you to share a photo
wearing the shirt alongside a caption
outlining how you'll honor Terry's dream
of a world without cancer tagging at
Terry Fox foundation and # no matter
what on April 12th the same day that
Terry began his marathon of Hope in 1980
Canadians will be able to register and
begin fundraising for this year's Terry
Fox run which will take place on Sunday
September 15th 2024 thank you so much
for your support
absolute Chad how did I read that I
don't know properly I don't know it's an
important message apparently apparently
you could you you got another gear man
uh so guys go check that out we're gonna
we're going to throw uh Dan do you mind
throwing some links in the in the chat
for everyone and we'll throw that in the
video description absolutely absolutely
yeah there was uh I think this was
supposed to go out next week but uh
registration for the Foxon will open on
April 12th oh okay uh did did we jump
the gun I think so I'll throw some I'll
throw we were late we ended up being
early uh well you know what we can give
it another shout out yeah we're going to
give we're going to get you guys a
reminder next week okay so uh let's Dan
do you mind actually making a note of
that as well to make sure that we get a
reminder in there next week can they buy
the shirt now though I am unsure there's
already people in floing chat saying
they're donating already aome great well
you can always just donate like that's
cool too cuz like the shirts the I mean
you know it's no LTT shirt but yeah yeah
yeah it's it's a cool shirt but
realistically what they need is not
shirt sales what they need is money uh
the Terry Fox Foundation has done
absolutely incredible work over the last
four and a half decades uh in the fight
against cancer and you know what cancer
um let me just see I do like both the
shirts are cool but your long sleeve
having the writing on the arm is like
pretty sweet there we go I think it's
that way yeah yeah no matter what let's
go pretty cool all right so uh here it
is just head on over to ways to give
over here you can donate once you can
donate monthly um yeah absolutely
incredible incredible organization do
they all right thanks
Dan oh show off the back of the shirt
hold on what's on the back is writing on
the back oh yeah there we go okay hold
on you want to read it for
me no matter the distance no matter the
obstacles no matter the journey no
matter the odds no matter what uh Terry
Fox run for cancer
research all right cool
yeah um okay should we jump right into
the
show yes oh what do you want to do
should we do should we do AI as just
underpaid
foreigners yeah yeah let's do it all
right let's do it
Amazon Amazon will be phasing out its
cashierless checkout system called just
walk out which launched in 2016 you may
remember that was one of my first big
controversy actually it might have been
might have been the first big one I
think that was the first time I was ever
covered in mainstream news who never
talks about me unless it's something
negative um yeah so uh it launched in
2016 we went and checked out the Amazon
GH store which uh was in Seattle and was
the very very first prototype of that um
it was available at 27 of their 44
Amazon fresh grocery stores and the idea
was that it was supposed to allow
customers to scan in at the door then
have the items that they pick up tallied
and automatically rung up by a machine
Vision system using cameras and sensors
uh my understanding was it was more than
just cameras like there were weight
sensors on on the shelves and stuff like
that
however it was recently revealed that
the system was actually heavily
dependent on a large team of over a
thousand overseas workers based mostly
in India now when I say underpaid I'm
sure that Amazon was above the legal
limit in
India but what I will say is that you
know probably they weren't paid that
much compared to Amazon's balance sheet
if you are interested in this uh there's
a lot of coverage on these groups and
it's like really bad uh so Amazon CLA I
mean I'm sure they'd rather be working
on this than you know know training like
Gore algorithms or whatever which is
another thing that they do Amazon
Mechanical Turk I'll jump over to my
screen really quick oh no what is this
they definitely don't just uh work for
the you know Amazon walk-in stores this
is a service that you can get from
Amazon for a global on demand 24/7
Workforce did you know you can hire
people through Amazon Mechanical Turk
mean I don't know am I missing something
here
I don't know no seriously though what
does Mechanical Turk mean like can like
what what what is the what is the what
is this
branding M Turk offers developers access
to a diverse OnDemand Workforce through
a flexible user interface uh or direct
integration with a simple API hold on a
second can I just say that that use of
the word
diverse is quite possibly the most toxic
that I have ever encountered ever I
wonder if they count it in like in their
like company
diversification organizations can
harness the power of crowdsourcing via
Mt Turk for a range of use cases such as
microwork human insights and machine
learning
development so cool dude so Amazon
claimed that these workers were mostly
tasked with improving it machine
learning algorithms by annotating
training footage yes um and that is
totally a thing that doesn't mean that
AI is just low wage workers from
overseas uh okay apparently Mechanical
Turk was a I I remember this because I
looked it up when I first heard about
this Mechanical Turk was a a chess
playing robot a fake chess playing robot
okay yeah I still probably wouldn't have
gone with that oh yeah definitely not
for sure cool um anyway so that is that
is a real thing there a fraudulent chess
machine that makes it actually genuinely
funnier to me
sorry the Mechanical Turk also known as
the uh automaton chess player uh or
simply The Turk was a fraudulent chess
playing machine constructed in 1770
which appeared to be able to play a
strong game of chess against a human
opponent for for 84 years it was
exhibited on various tours the machine
survived and continued giving occasional
exhibitions until 1854 before when a
fire swept through the museum where it
was kept destroying the machine
afterwards articles were published by a
son of the machine's owner revealing its
secrets to the public that it was an
elaborate
hoax imagine naming part of your
company it's like ltt's new product
distributed fraud
and we'll we'll we'll use the diverse
[Laughter]
people I love how the third benefit of
Mechanical Turk is reduced
cost yeah oh they talk about how great
the the team is and then they're like
reduce
cost okay so anyway hold on hold on okay
so back to back to that just because you
are using humans to validate the data
that does not mean that it's not machine
learning it can still be machine
learning machine learning needs to be
reinforced and you can't just have
another machine reinforce the other
machine you actually have to have humans
go in and say okay no no that was that
was a sandwich uh that was not a wrap
right um okay sorry people people are
yelling at me to read the next paragraph
um oh no so and I I skimmed it dra rayu
says wait is this Amazon's April Fool's
joke no this thing has been around for
quite a while yeah so yeah the part that
I think they want me to read cuz people
are saying the next paragraph other
people saying the third paragraph I
think it's the third one uh The Turk was
in fact a mechanical illusion that
allowed a human Chessmaster hiding
inside to operate the
machine so it's a it's a hidden person
inside of a thing that you think is a
machine wow so it got too real here yeah
okay I think they're being like super
literal they're like this is an AI
program that is actually a bunch of
people
the soil in is made out of people all
right okay okay okay it's not quite that
well I don't know anything about the
like working conditions or whatever but
anyway this is this is 100% still
machine learning the fact that 30% of
them worked without human intervention
is is something um but that's more like
probably where they expected to be
within a few months of launch not where
they expected to be 8 years on from the
launch uh according to a report by the
information around 70% of transactions
required the intervention intervention
or assistance of an unseen off-site
employee as of 2022 this apparently
sometimes resulted in customers waiting
hours before receiving a receipt that
makes sense Amazon will however continue
with another cashierless feature that
it's been experimenting with since 2020
Dash carts which are a combination of
shopping cart SL self checkout uh this
is similar to another odd case
discovered in December when a supposedly
AI powered drive-thru Presto automation
which also needed uh overseas workers to
step in 70% of the time according to a
filing with the
SEC okay um so our discussion question
is um what is the value of making it
feel like something is totally automated
even when it actually still takes a lot
of human work to pull off uh one thing
not mentioned in our notes Here is
apparently uh one of the other issues
was that however whatever labor they
were saving in cashiers um they were
more than paying for in the army of
people that had to go around and make
sure that all of the products were
perfectly faced so that the cameras
could tell what people were taking off
the shelves oh wow yeah you know what I
mean I made a video about it because I
legitimately thought it was really cool
it seemed I I expressed at the time some
doubts about the the viability of it I
was like wow this kind of amazing that
they can do this because like uh I don't
see like you know Machine Vision
indicators of any they don't have like a
DOT code on it that you know whatever
angle it can kind of catch a glimpse of
and and and be sure like I I was I was
really impressed but turns out I got
Bamboozled turns out Mechanical Turk
worker number
47283 was like I'm going to charge this
guy yeah x amount of dollars yeah while
making a
scent speaking of which anle Turk fees
oh the minimum fee is 1 cent per
assignment okay well that tells you
everything you need to know about how
much people are being paid because
unless they can do 700 assignments well
hold on per hour Amazon's definitely
taking something no just hold on hold on
no no I know but that's not the math and
that's also minimum fee I know that's
not the math though the math is that
unless a okay I see what you're doing
can do 700 assignments per minute which
would be or per hour rather which would
work out to what 11 per uh 11 per second
no hold on I'm not I can't math math me
help me 700 let's let's say let's say
say 600 let's say we're aiming for $10
an
hour okay so they've got to
do they've got to do what a hundred
every six minutes
no a th every six a th every six minutes
okay hold on one cent oh my God so
that's a thousand things so they've got
to do a 100 every six
minutes right yeah okay so 10 a second
so about 10 a
second is that right I don't know no
hold on I hate can time be metric
please okay uh 100 we should we should
divided 60 we should hire mechanical go
so they have to do about
1.7 of those a second and that assumes
they are being paid $10 an hour which is
not a good wage and that assumes Amazon
takes
nothing 100 every six minutes is 10 per
second where did you get 1.7 oh I missed
a zero
oh so every six minutes 6 minutes is how
many seconds 100 every
help me out oh I'm so tired I was
walking you oh they tried metric time
people hated it okay okay okay okay so
hold on a second okay oh I said that
wrong is that what I said I didn't mean
to say that I meant one
minute okay apparently chat apparently
can't do it either because they are all
over the
place why are we so bad at math okay all
right we're trying to do it fast we got
to slow down okay okay okay so it's 1
second it's Point uh uh 1 cent per
interaction okay so it's 100
interactions to a dollar it's a th000
interactions to $10 right so we've got a
th000 interactions if we want to get
paid $10 in an hour we divide 1,000 by
60 that's the number per minute so that
is
16.6 interactions per minute we divide
it by 60 again that means we've got
about 4 seconds per interaction I have
done math with a calculator this time 4
seconds per interaction and that assumes
you're being paid only $10 an hour and
that assumes that Amazon is taking no
cut what the isn't it 3.6 per
second yeah I think so but I think he
rounded up yeah I rounded
okay what the heck is going on here has
anyone worked for
this
I like anyone in chat
man that is that is wild here's the
Mechanical Turk worker page
[Music]
o one dude said he did I worked for it
you need to pick jobs
carefully okay what does that mean uh I
think that oh because the minimum
payment thing so if you select the job I
don't know if that's how this works but
if you select the job you might be able
to select ones that are higher value I
was also reading the page and there's
like different qualifications so maybe
if you have a higher qualification you
can get higher value jobs and then you
get paid more per job quite a few people
in float plane chat are talking about
this uh someone says M Turk is pretty
dead now but I used to do surveys for
extra money in college uh someone else
said I did some murk in college never
saw a scent uh someone said I knew
someone who did work for M Turk they
said it was mostly just transcribing
documents yes I did it for beer money in
college it's not full gig stuff um
interest
H I've worked for Less with a family
business okay I mean yeah fair enough I
guess
um in theory says Mt Economist I think
the one-cent ones are supposed to be
click on the picture containing a
bicycle I mean man for how long it takes
me to solve a capture sometimes yeah cuz
like even that you'd have to do one
every 3.6 seconds and consistently with
no you better not blink or anything
wow all right anyway um okay okay okay
so trash cat says I've i m Turk work and
yeah you need to pick M carefully but
generally minimum 10 cents per task in
my experience okay so that's quite a bit
better that's way better that's
literally in order are those more
complicated tasks or is that click on
the
bike oh like I wonder how much would
have someone would have been paid to
identify your order value from that
store it must have been a lot higher I
would hope so because you reviewing
video
footage can be very timec consuming it's
not just scrub through yeah we're good
because they need to they need to be
sure that's the whole idea because if
they're training the Machine Vision
model and they they feed it incorrect
data that's that's a disaster like you I
mean obviously people are human they
make mistakes from time to time esally
if they're being paid you know pennies
per interaction or you know whatever but
the more of that noise that you feed
into your model the worser it is going
to get the more perfect the data you
give it the
better there's a very wide range of
tasks apparently some will give $5 for a
15minute server I have worked for mtk
and used it to find participants for
studies interesting interesting all
right well there you go M Turk man I I
don't know how I'd never heard of this
before cuz apparently it's a big deal
Valen cry said you'd have to be very
diligent and hardcore to make uh more
than minimum wage the good jobs are
taken quick that makes be allocated
within a couple minutes every few hours
right cuz it's going to be like every
and people in every time zone around the
world just like sitting there waiting
for the a gig to show up
crazy yeah okay I love twitch chat this
all this Mech Turk stuff looks it's like
Outsourcing low paying jobs to third
world countries
legally good job twitch gets there
eventually and in this case I'm pretty
sure they're all contractors they get
there eventually Luke yeah that's twitch
chat they got it they got it they got it
they figured it out the contractor thing
makes it way worse here's a cook key um
yeah the fact they're contract H yeah
contractors cuz there can be really good
things about being a contractor there
can also be super bad things about being
a contractor and there's a little bit of
a pattern of certain modern like web
companies that need actual like people
physically doing their jobs using
specifically contractors and paying very
little it's not
great uh you know what is great merch
messages that's true you guys can
interact with the show using a merch
message don't do a super chat don't do a
twitch bit the way to go is merch
messages all you got to do is head over
to LTT store.com and in the checkout
you're going to see a box anytime we're
live where you can fill in a merch
message uh do we have any merch updates
that are in the dock here Dan I don't uh
I don't see anything
here um oh oh oh wow yeah okay
right we've got the a limited edition
shirt that we did for April fools yeah
these are going to be Printing and I
believe the next week or so well going
to printing in the next week or so and
then they will yeah so it's going to be
available oh until tomorrow this is this
is available until tomorrow and then
we're going to be hopefully printing
them yeah over the next few weeks here
so they'll go out there it's a Sarah did
this up uh pretty quick it's it's a
welcome welcome home shirt it's got the
uh the old house got the old got the old
lambo car which is U you know it's going
to be more of a reference to pl's car
soon I think with what we're planning to
do to it while he's on
vacation oh boy well I didn't want
anyone to be jealous about the fact that
he's getting free upgrades for his car
oh yeah so it comes with a
condition oh boy we get to decorate oh
boy yeah it's going to be good you
should do a whole company paint party
like last time yeah so when you leave a
merch message right in the Box in the
checkout you will either have it show up
down here you are going to get a reply
from producer Dan or it will be
forwarded to someone internally and that
person might be me and Luke where we
will address your merch message on the
show we're going to show you guys how it
works Dan's going to pick us a couple
curated merch messages but first I've
got a quick Poll for him to set up for
you guys before we do those so that you
guys can weigh in on what you want to
see um we're working on a new short
short we're working on a new
shirt and we want it to have like a like
a name tag holder mechanism of some sort
and we want your feedback on what you
think is the best so option A is a
little reinforced ring so that's like a
little a little metal ring so this is
how it would sit all right there's
option A Luke are you going to waigh in
on this sorry I got linked something
that was option b d-ring with a little
Carabiner that can be tucked into the
pocket when it's not in use I kind of
like that okay all right hold on so
right right right this one has uh
options so you can either hang it right
off the ding or you could hang it off
the Carabiner if you have to uh scan in
on doors and stuff like that option C
simple folded webbing
Loop there we go and option D is Ding
and Carabiner base of
pocket okay so those are our four
options a b c and d is this a like
tougher shirt or is this a dressier
shirt it's meant to be an everyday
everyday wear shirt so we understand
that a lot of our audience are like Tex
yeah and they're going to be crawling
under a desk sometimes but they still
got to look good okay so it's like a
little it's not you're not working in a
mechanical shop but you're not just
sitting at a desk it's it's a it's um
yeah it's a take a little bit more it's
an office office worker yeah and when I
say worker I don't mean like you just
have to sit at the computer you can wear
it for that it's great for that too but
we want it to be a little bit tougher
than that uh all right so here we'll get
our results I think in that case if I
had to vote it would probably be are
they saying B yeah I'm thinking I'm
saying b as well because if you need to
slide around on the ground being able to
tuck the whole thing into the pocket
really easily seems like a cool feature
yeah that could be a bonus I like that a
lot all right all right why don't we do
a couple of merch messages sure first
one here hey din Duke and Lan do you
have any tips for someone struggling to
stay disciplined whether it be for work
or a
hobby oh man I think Nike said it best
like just do it yeah I I don't really
know what else there is to say you you
you have to decide what's important and
you've got to you've got to commit no
excuses there's there's a lot of
different way like if you are incapable
of doing that there are other things you
can do we talked about this on last wow
actually accountabil auddy type
situation um yeah don't go to the gym by
yourself it doesn't work you have to go
with someone you have there there has to
be a reason unless they're sick all the
time yeah well I mean everyone I think I
think it's fair to say that
either everyone or at least almost
everyone has better discipline planning
ahead everyone knows that they should
work out
tomorrow everyone knows that they should
go grocery shopping on the weekend and
cook their meals but not everyone in the
moment is going to feel like working out
right now or going grocery shopping and
cooking right now something I do
specifically for both of those two
things is like I'll pack my gym bag
ahead of time yeah and like I'll I'll
leave it like by the door so that it's
like it's shaming you yes it's a
reminder the food thing prep it before
you're hungry and then when it's that
meal comes up it's like oh you like
could eat junk or you could go get some
food or you could order delivery or
whatever but actually the easiest option
right now is eating the stuff you
already prepped so like remove barriers
of difficulty
and I don't know if people are going to
like this but yeah in increase levels of
like you know have a have a buddy that
does the thing with you or your partner
or whatever else um try to keep you keep
you on it like have a workout buddy or
or do meal prepping with someone else I
don't know so I uh I I I never book
badminton by myself I book it ahead of
time because I know that you know I
should go exercise and you know do stuff
and then when it's time to go well
there's a lot of obstacles to not going
I'm going to have to pay anyway because
I signed up ahead of time and I'm not
going to be there so they're going to be
short people so the rotations are going
to be off so I better go someone in
fling chat said we have no friends I
actually don't agree that that's an
excuse got them because not only is
there a bunch of online communities
where people are in the exact same boat
and you could probably find an
accountability buddy there but I've
found if you go to the gym for example
if we're just using that that
one it's actually quite easy to make
friends everyone
there is there for the same reason yeah
everybody and like I like I made friends
with this dude literally earlier this
week cuz I saw he had lifting shoes and
he finished a set and was just kind of
standing there so I walked up to him and
was like hey what's up he's like hey
what's going on I was like I saw you
have lifting shoes how do you like those
and his whole he just lit up everybody
if you ask them but like what they're
doing or why they spent all this time
researching it they spent all this money
on it they're using it actively they've
worked really hard no one in their life
cares at
all like not even a little bit wow you
sound uh you sound mad it's I'm not mad
are you mad bro it's just real cuz
like he's always trying to tell me about
how much he lifted I'm like doesn't even
care a little bit is that a lot yeah
that's the worst one that's the worst um
but like sounds like a lot good job
nobody cares gold star but but that
other person at the gym yeah might
actually care yeah so like it's it's
quite easy to make friends with people
there um if you if you work in an office
try to find someone else like if they're
if they're often going out for food
every lunch you know try to make a PCT
with them like let's let's eat let's
take our lunches together and eat
together and eat stuff we brought home
like brought from home like let's make
this like a thing hold each other
accountable let's try to save some money
eat better stuff like that um and you
don't even have to you don't even have
to do it because you're like uh I want
to lose weight you could do it because
you want to to save some money you can
make great things at home I don't know
it's an option oh man common twitch L I
actually hate you no super chats just
buy something from me and I'll mention
your
comment so you'd rather just throw money
at the screen than get something in
return
this is actually
better how can you not see that yeah
like I've I I've had people at the gym
well I'll ask them about like a certain
movement that they're doing or whatever
and it'll get they get so excited about
it and like these they don't know who I
am I'm just some random dude at the gym
yeah they'll get so excited about it
that I they end up talking to me about
it like far longer than I had hoped they
would I'm like ready to do my next set
of whatever I'm doing like kind of
hoping this person will stop talking but
they're just like like so stoked to talk
about this thing that they're really
interested in oh no they're still mad
cuz they don't have to spend cuz they
don't have to spend shipping costs on
their D then just buy a gift card and
never use it yeah it's crazy there's
loopholes it's it's a it's a nuts why do
you want to give me money for nothing
buy a backpack set the shipping address
to like a a homeless shelter boom sure
you donated backpack like oh man you
guys are killing me here you're killing
me you know what you know what b
boom Oh you lost your privileges it
finally happened you lost your
privileges all right look what you've
done twitch no wait hold on no no that's
not that's not bring them back one
person can't represent the whole there
oh never mind Get
[Applause]
Wrecked uh all right two two other
things I'll add just
you you just can't shut up about this
you are actually you are actually
perfectly exemplifying the phenomenon
you're talking about you get a gym
person talking about the bloody gym they
can't shut up it is a problem it's not
possible I could literally go on forever
I've I've done it to Dan I'm I'm living
vicariously through
Luke is it it's not it's true though
right I think every time I have brought
it up people are like well have you
tried
this cuz it's all it's all interesting
I'm like no
research
shows I've done did you hurt your
shoulder well actually I didn't hurt my
shoulder I read the papers on them full
like partials are good for the um
anyways no but like there's there's two
things that I use as well one is try to
do better than yesterday so if you're if
you're like oh I I don't want to take
the stairs today I'm tired and then just
let that thing in the back of your head
go like you did it
yesterday you did it yes you found a way
yesterday and then it's like oh fine and
then you go do it it's great um and then
the I had another one well that's fine
cuz it's time to do another merch
message Dan hit us okay sure uh let's
see Hello wdl pran Dill hello w. Dill uh
I'll be starting my first home lab soon
and would like some advice on security
what's some ways I can keep my family
safe while they use my services such as
jelly fin well I mean if you are the one
running the services I don't think
there's much that you have to do to keep
your family
safe um they're a
threat your family no the this person oh
um how do I protect them for myself yeah
I mean okay I'm going to get I'm going
to get flamed for this I I know I know
it I know it
realistically unless you are some kind
of a jelly fin server and like having a
port open on your
router probably fine is it fine
vulnerability yes it is are you running
Windows
Defender probably it's probably right
it's probably fine um I mean I would say
I would say you know a more realistic
concern keep would be you know how do I
manage the parental settings to ensure
that young kids don't just have access
to all the R-rated movies in my library
like I I I I would I would be more
focused on the Practical concerns just
you know change your default passwords
keep everything up to date you know the
the basics the basics just make sure
you're going in and making sure
everything's chill uh check the logs for
the devices that have connected to your
network once in a while use guest Wi-Fi
guest Wi-Fi totally awesome uh if you
want to be if you want to be a little
bit if you want to be a little bit more
careful you know have a really strong
password on your main Wi-Fi like there's
if you're asking this and you have iot
devices running on your main Network
you're addressing the wrong problem I
would also say yeah that's another one I
mean we don't know that you do it's
possible that you that you've got a
separate iot Network
yep my family was murdered by an open
Jelly fin Port you
monster I saw someone say last pass was
hacked by uh Dev having Plex on their
system or whatever but that's almost
like proving Linus's point if you are a
person that would be a very particularly
interesting person to hack for whatever
reason like a Dev on a piece of security
software that stores the passwords to
like millions of people's accounts yeah
um then yeah doing that type of stuff
you're opening yourself and if you're
that person then I shouldn't be advising
you on cyber security anyway go figure
it out yeah so there's that yeahh all
right got it um
do you want to do another talk oh we
should do sponsors let's get sponsors we
do three merch
messages read the sign no did we do it
though no we're we're a little bit
strange on time let's do sponsors and
then yeah show is brought to you by C
Sonic one of the hardest parts of our
April Fool's prank or video was trusting
Dennis to be in my house again uh my
notes just say briefly talk about the
car break-in prank so so I come out of
the house and see this someone is
running
away a bunch of stuff is spilled you can
tell I'm not chasing super hard because
I yeah
I I had a bone to pick with you about
that what was that uh okay hold on
apparently we are taking a break from
sponsor spots for a second here we can
go we can talk about this later okay
fine just just write I I made a little
section at the bottom of the dock for
just like things to talk about later
then okay uh okay sorry Dan you can take
back do whatever it is that you do to
yeah sure anyway no idea yeah that
that's me um so anyway I come out of the
house and there's a bunch of stuff from
my car just like dumped on the on the
sidewalk and there's a guy running away
in a hood and
um we have a float plane exclusive where
you guys can see the whole setup how
they got this all ready and uh how they
Bamboozled me uh they had Vance borrow
my keys to like something like I don't
think about it if Vance ask for my keys
I'm like okay sure go for it um so you
can check it out on float plane right
now so basically I don't trust anybody
anymore except seic seic makes some of
the most reliable power supplies you can
find and they stand by their products
they've recently upped their warranty to
12 years and if you are literally anyone
you hate noisy fans some something that
seic is very well aware of and that's
why their vertex gx850 has hybrid fan
control which means a quieter system
without any cost to Performance it's
fully modular it's 80 plus gold
certified and the best part is seic is
running a bunch of promotions on their
power supplies this month so just
because you don't want to cheap out on a
power supply doesn't mean you don't want
to save so why not check out seic at the
link down below we really believe in
their products we love them and we are
proud to promote SE Sonic the show is
also brought to you by look at that
another longtime partner Squarespace
some companies have beautiful websites
you know how they do it using our
sponsor Squarespace um they might not
you can build a great website with
Squarespace even if you're a tiny crappy
company working in a tiny crappy office
with your Horrible Boss that's that's in
my notes Here guys uh Squarespace has
the magic to make your backyard business
presentable on online it's an all-in-one
platform with a variety of customizable
themes for your website and with their
award-winning designer templates your
business looks like so looks so much
more believable oh my goodness you guys
whether you're a local business a
blogger or an artist Squarespace has you
covered or or
okay or a ego Maniac uh all the
templates seamlessly work on mobile
devices as well and Squarespace offers
marketing features including SEO support
email campaigns and social Tools Plus
with 24/7 support someone will always be
there to answer your questions so head
to squarespace.com when and you can get
10% off today finally the show is
brought to you by MSI building a PC is
all fun in games until you realize
you've spent 10 hours trying to find the
right
hole really Dennis so stop the hassle
you can now get the pre-built MSI ages
rs2 gaming PC yeah MSI mentioned this to
me back at CES they are like a huge
system integrator now what yeah it's
ready to level up your gaming experience
packing a punch with the latest core i91
14th gen processors and msi's GeForce
RTX 480 super graphics card it delivers
solid performance for all your gaming
Adventures Plus it has liquid RGB
cooling whatever that means with msi's
LED button you can easily adjust it with
their Mystic software and you can enjoy
all the latest features from MSI
motherboards including blazing fast
Wi-Fi 7 support for ddr5 memory and pcie
Gen 5 and don't forget to dive into the
fun with MSI Center for even more
customization get your hands on the MSI
AIS rs2 at the link down below and oh
yeah that's it at the link down below
all right cool
huh that's
different
okay let's pick some bones yeah what the
heck what the heck what your car's
broken into I'm like I'm watching Dennis
Lumber away and then for some reason be
so exhausted afterwards which I really
you even asked him about it I was the
whole time when he starts walking back
and he's like huffing and puffing I was
like you literally went around the
corner like yeah he didn't go very far I
mean you saw him try to fight me right
buddy was
Gass wait you were you were there in
person so it didn't really make it into
the edit because Dennis edited it but he
man the number of times he should have
been disqualified from that M I was
actually frustrated like not acting
frustrated I was actually frustrated at
like he he was taking it didn't make any
sense it wasn't fair he was taking
extremely long breaks In fairness I got
the same breaks yeah but I didn't need
them you would have he was completely
unable to fight and would have been
disqualified yeah like he couldn't move
yeah anyway so yeah he he apparently
hasn't been working on his cardio no so
he he jogs around the corner and you
just like speed walk after him well why
why did you even go if you're going that
slowly okay so there's there's a number
you only caught him cuz he gave up cuz
he's probably too tired from going
around one corner there's a number of
elements here okay one oops I keep
absolutely nothing of value in my
car nothing ever oh the backpack was
Chase's car okay yeah there was what
what was like spewing out of the car uh
that was the contents of my glove box so
basically there's there's a power
inverter there's some napkins there's
some sanitary pads um there's like uh oh
there's some extra hardware for my
offset license plate Mount there is
nothing of value in my car ever like if
I go into a restaurant you've seen me do
this hey you bring the back I bring my
backpack in with me I leave I mean look
at that stupid thing
if that's not a high-profile Target I
don't know what it is so I make sure
there's nothing in it it's clean you
look in the window you're like damn
that's a clean car like nothing not not
even crumbs of food there's nothing in
there so that's number one what am I
chasing him for nothing so you had you
had that thought yeah I know there's
nothing in my car but your your glass is
broken number
two that glass is not going to be
unbroken by catching the guy
I'm going to go through the exact same
Insurance rigar roll regardless of what
happens with
him so what difference does it make
number
three what if the guy's armed so okay I
don't know what I'm going to go I'm
going to go put my body and my life
which I value by the way I'm going to go
put that in even if the even if the risk
was 1% I'm going to take a 1% chance to
to have a violent encounter with someone
over literally nothing of value so
here's my counter hold on I'm not done
yet and glass that is already broken the
glass cannot be unbroken through
anything other than insurance and
dealing with the hassle of taking it to
the shop means finally number four I
caught a glimpse of his face and I
thought it might be Dennis oh
okay follow him at all because you
thought it might cuz my thing is like if
the first three are two which is fair
fairly good reasoning why go anyways
well I was no you were putting Chase
yeah but cuz he was so slow he was also
so no his speed varied it was hard to
tell from the footage okay but he like
booked it and then like slowed down it
was like he wanted me to chase him so I
was like now to be clear when I say I
saw the face he kind of had his hood
down I didn't know it you wouldn't know
for sure I didn't know it was Dennis
decent distance hood on so I didn't know
and I told him I told him at the time I
was like you got me because even though
I I had all those thoughts and even
though I thought and he actually found
the frame where like yeah yeah yeah yeah
where I was like he's like is is this
cuz I smile a little
bit but then but then no no because but
he got me because after that the the
fake glass the fake glass
was what convinced me so they rolled
down the window and they made sugar
glass and like put it so I've gone
through that before I've actually had my
car broken into multiple times and that
feeling of kind
of shock not not shock but like that
feeling where it it actually takes a
second to process when you when you come
into a building and it's been broken
into everything is right except the
things that are wrong and it can
actually take a second so this one time
I I parked my car outside of our garage
overnight because there was like
something in the way and I come out in
the morning I sit down all the way in my
driver's seat and the first thing that
registered for me was actually that the
seat was way
back interesting I didn't actually see
because I'm not in I'm not doing a
pre-flight check on my car I'm not
inspecting it I'm just getting in and
driving and so I sat down into my seat
and
well this isn't quite right and
then then I noticed the shattered glass
all over the passenger seat so like it
it can it can take a a second for
something to click and um and so when I
saw the shattered glass I actually like
had that click moment I
relived the
like my car has been broken into like
the glass was the the thing that made me
realize two times when my car had been
broken into so what Dennis did whether
it was intentional or not was he tapped
into like a a an experience I've had
before he tapped into a memory there's
no way he knew that and recalled that
emotional state that made me sort of be
dismissive of my suspicions and kind of
go my car's been broken into yeah so it
wasn't the right color and like yeah
some of it was like almost a yellowy cuz
it's cooked sugar yeah exactly but some
of it was okay yep soing you know maybe
it got some gross water on it or
whatever that's what did the discoloring
yeah uh the videoos on on Flow planes
you can check it out um yeah the the
only time my car has ever been broken
into was there nice I I don't know if
you remember but I oh hold
on so uh here's where the here's where
they're setting up uh I don't know this
so that's when they were preparing the
fake photo of Chase's
car oh here if you go if you go back you
saw the orange backpack so he's editing
it right there okay yeah cuz this is
this is the fake he's trying to use AI
to generate the glass and then he ends
up just doing it himself yeah so he um
he he kind of planted the seed in my
mind of cars being broken into yeah
which was really smart actually yeah I
honestly at the time I was like why are
you telling me this like cars can be
broken into anywhere like I I don't
really sure I guess um yeah so they had
they got Sammy to have me shoot an intro
for something that he didn't need at all
um and I was like yeah sure I'll shoot
an intro for you I mean I like to be
helpful so here he is making the broken
glass see some of it is really nicely
colored and then other bits are are the
yellowy sugar glass yep uh Dennis told
me by the way this might be in the video
I'm not sure but he told me at the time
that they carefully did not get any
sugar glass in my
car there was definitely some in there
there was sugar glass in the car yeah
there was sugar glass in the car they
got C they they burst one of the ketchup
packets that was in my glove compartment
and it got all over the passenger seat
oh no it's like
anytime of your stuff getting his car
dirty and like dumped a bunch of my
stuff onto the like wet dirty sidewalk
and I'm like okay
cool thanks thank you for that like what
anyway um yeah my my car got broken into
at the old office and I had I had this
the first nice piece of clothing I ever
bought was this leather jacket from da
that was called the name of the jacket
was Luke nice and I didn't know that
until I had picked it I was like this is
perfect and then yeah it was stolen out
of my
car um sag oh tinan wants to know
scratched floor or dirty far more
annoying definitely the scratch floor
that is permanent yeah that's forever
it's like a
diamond diamond floor baby um yeah I
might have to fight Dennis again so
we'll see budon asks why do you have
ketchup in your glove box well where
else would I keep it under the
seat they don't give out ketchup packets
by default at fast food restaurants
anymore oh so it's for if you like
forget to ask okay then I have a ketchup
packet and it turn turns out that if you
keep them forever they do go bad in case
anyone was wondering about that was that
one bad no okay no no no no it been
replaced recently because now I
know well some of them don't have expiry
dates on them some do I just love that
this is like an actual problem that
you've sought a solution for found
issues with the solution and improved
upon and iterated that solution MH
that's fantastic that's my whole life
[Laughter]
Luke like what I'm going to eat fries
without ketchup
this actually does sound like a
particular Linus problem that you would
like seek out a solution for I fully
would believe that oh yeah 100% And like
man I I you need exactly the right
amount of ketchup I take my fry and I
like you've probably seen me do this
I've seen that I I put a strip of
ketchup on the Whole Fry so the ratio is
right yeah I've 100% seen that
yep okay what are we doing two more
topics three more topics somewhere
around
there oh Dan wants to do merch messages
all right sure Dan I don't think we have
that many this week we're a little out
of order unfortunately oh I see yeah
I've got some uh I've got some cure
rated ones for you here all right hit me
um I don't know what do you think about
that top
one I mean I haven't paid enough
attention to it but Luke might know and
Buddy spent like $500 so I guess we can
uh who yeah bought a screwdriver a
backpack other more different
screwdriver a stubby screwdriver a
banana for scale a whole bunch of bits a
sticker pack and a shaft
extension uh so is this is this stop
killing games that's right yeah and I
don't know I've seen this guy for a
while do you want me to do you want me
to read this out yeah sure if you know
what's going on CU I haven't I haven't I
haven't looked into this so yeah high
lus and Luke what do you think of Ross
Scott's call to action against Ubisoft
killing the crew do you think we have
any chance of preventing future games
from being destroyed um now I've
followed this guy for a while um and
yeah so maybe Dan can do this merch
message because Luke and I haven't paid
attention to this I I had had it flagged
for me and I've seen some Community
sentiment around this that is like that
this is something we need to be
supporting but I hadn't had a chance
this week to dig into it yeah I've seen
his videos but I I'm not up to dat on
this yeah he had some really good
thoughts I think I hope it was him ages
ago about always online games that are
single player
that the companies go oh well you know
we can't afford the server upkeep
anymore and so the game that you have
paid for you are now no longer able to
play and so a lot of uh a lot of people
will take these servers and host them
themselves I know there's a bunch of
different games that kind of have
Community hosted servers and there's no
more dedicated you know first party ones
anymore um so I think this is probably a
call towards that right a game that
lonus and I enjoyed to play every now
and then is like that um SubCom I don't
remember what's Supreme Commander forged
Alliance forged Alliance or wait forged
Alliance forever is the the community
takeover of the game that was allowed to
happen after gas powered games went yeah
yeah but was it was it gas powered that
let them do it like some some there was
like a I forget which party ultimately
uh enabled that but it's pretty cool and
recently I think it's City of Heroes
there unfortunately a lot
um and I think the worst offender is
probably single player games sorry Forge
Alliance forever was an example of a
good thing Curr trying to talk about
good things I think I think it was City
of Heroes that recently just publicly
was like yeah people can host their own
servers and iterate on the game and
everything and good luck I don't
remember what it was I might be seeing
the wrong one yeah but there are some
few good examples there are good
examples and I think those are probably
the outliers in the situation mostly bad
it's mostly like this yeah um right and
and it's very frustrating especially
because there's still an active
Community even though they may be small
but they're still active well yeah this
blurb here says um the video game The
Crew this is on stop killing games.com
this blur says the video game The Crew
published by Ubisoft was recently
destroyed for all players and had a
player base of at least 12 million
people
that's an interesting number that's not
a small I'm assuming that was at one
point in time I can't imagine there's
that many people playing the crew right
now or there's no way they'd be shutting
it down but I mean you might be
surprised yeah I don't know due to the
game size and France's strong consumer
protection laws this represents one of
the best opportunities to hold a
publisher accountable for this action we
are Su if we are successful in charges
being pressed against Ubisoft this will
have a ripple effect on the video games
industry to prevent Publishers from
destroying more
games and then there's like buttons to
click where you can take action in in
various countri and stuff like that yeah
yeah that's right I watched his video on
the crew about a month ago it came out
Dead game news is the series yeah yeah
it's brutal we talk about on W show all
the time um this seems like a good thing
to jump on the train for so yeah I mean
look I'll say this is not a creator that
I'm person I'm not personally acquainted
with so I don't um but you know what I
do know is I agree with the cause and if
all you're being asked to do is sign a
petition that says that you don't think
this is okay then I think that's
something that I can wholeheartedly
recommend without like I already said
doing any due diligence on this um I
intend to sign the petition once the
show is over and I I can do that um I do
think that please don't right now yeah
no I'm busy right now I I do think that
these companies need to be held
accountable and I think that if there
are no mon AR consequences not only is
nothing ever going to change it is going
to get so much worse oh yeah because a
lot of especially younger consumers
don't even understand what they've lost
yet even the games that do still exist
the the the the the modes the ways of
playing them that have changed as games
as a service evolve are gone I mean
think back to think back to what it was
like when you finally quit wow and how
badly you wanted to just
play classic wow again and blizzard
finally did it and then my understanding
is they kind of bunged it up cuz didn't
they start like updating it again yeah
and like you you already can't actually
play classic again now because it
progressed through the expansions so
it's
already so what they need to do is they
just need to do like a like a wipe
system yeah there are some there are
other games that do that like if I
remember correctly EverQuest has a very
similar like you can play original like
uh 1999 EverQuest or whatever it was
2001 I don't remember maybe RuneScape
was 1999 whatever um and they they wipe
frequently and most the active players
as far as minor C goes for the Everest
one are on the servers that are fresh
because people want to play fresh
experiences where everyone's starting
back at scratch all that type of stuff
um but yeah in the RuneScape speaking of
RuneScape didn't the RuneScape Creator
just make a new game ashy you can still
play classic era okay yeah
uh I think I forgot that was a thing oh
okay well there you go I don't
know older School ruins Gap yeah is
classic era wiping though I don't think
it's wiping they're just permanent
servers right I don't know whatever
either
way um okay next up yep hey L LD is
there a reason why 256 characters is the
default Max path on ndfs still we run
into this on my work ndfs server and
it's infuriating especially because some
apps don't serve proper
errors man that's a question for a
Windows
developer um if I had to guess I would
say it's because it hasn't been a
priority to fix it I mean there's
so so many things in Windows or Gmail or
basically anything you use that um just
haven't been updated because it's not
the most important thing I can work on
today right and I mean we run into that
all the time stuff that theoretically is
a quick bug fix but in practice it's
just never the thing that's on fire
today I've T I've talked about that to a
few people here where it's like I I
wouldn't worry so much about your job
security in the sense of you running out
of work to do yeah there is effectively
an Infinity list of tasks that we could
do yeah yeah don't stress the the
biggest problem is figuring out what
item on this Infinity list is the thing
that we should work on right now and
sometimes it can be frustrating CU
someone can be really passionate about
one of the things on the list yeah but
there's this other thing
that maybe it has to be done for some
and you might not fully understand why
that other thing is more important but
it is yeah at least we strongly believe
it is people make mistakes we get things
wrong uh this is a suggestion Quantum
Rand in float plane chat says try asking
Dave's Garage on YouTube if there's
anyone who is likely to both a no and be
dish I would say that it would be Dave's
Garage um also apparently this is
according to PA a drawn there is a uh
registry edit where you can go in and
you can change it to a higher limit uh
you have to change uh file Set current
control set control file system long
paths Ena
uh and that changes the limit according
to Matthew o to
496 characters which ought to be enough
for
anyone that's a
reference which Bill Gates apparently
never said anyway it doesn't matter
okay there's um there's some reason why
I had to do that in the past I don't
remember what it was I think it was like
development file paths that were just
getting ridiculous developers developers
developers developers developers got to
go the nest folds for days yeah Dan
sorry uh let's see uh good evening DL
question for you three or whoever
answers Ivory Towers are very prolific
in manufacturing companies DOD
subcontractors included uh how do we
better guard against detached decisions
I don't know it's tough because even
making a conscious effort to talk to
people and work in the trenches at this
company as we've grown it hasn't always
been easy to fully understand the daily
challenges that people have uh we had
someone raise a concern so I was
frustrated on a shoot recently when a
prop that was integral to the intro was
not sourced um well a we we had it at
one point but at some point we lost it
and then when we realized we lost it we
didn't Source a new one and I I I I
landed on set and I was like wo I can't
arrive on set and like the intro doesn't
work because the prop I need for the
intro isn't here we don't have one this
was so preventable and the conversation
that ultimately came out of out of that
was hey we don't have a process for just
anyone making a petty cash
decision and then begging for
forgiveness later there just isn't a
means for it and it was a funny thing
for me to think about because even
before I ran my own company or whatever
that was 100% something that I just did
if something was like 50 bucks and I
knew that I could defend it to the CEO I
would just spend the $50 and worry about
it later but I that is that is not a
recommendation if there if
there's for real though right like I got
away with being a bit of a Maverick but
that's not that's that's not necessarily
good for your career wonder you now
would deal with managing you back then
oh God I it would actually be like quite
the Clash I would be very frustrated
both of me would be very frustrated
always yeah anyway the point is what
came out of that was that hey we don't
have a formalized like one of uh CEO
taran's favorite words is explicit we
don't have a formalized process that
gives people explicit permission to make
a decision like that um a lot of people
just do it anyway so especially people
who have been around since the old days
and who have been doing it for years but
especially new people don't know they
don't realize they come from other
companies where where spending 20 bucks
that you weren't allowed to spend could
literally mean getting a dressing down
right like I and that's so that's so
foreign to me like I that doesn't make
sense in my world cuz I never worked in
that environment and I'm not going to
Foster that environment here but that's
efficient yeah I came across my supposed
uh approval limit I don't remember when
this was like a few months ago or
something and just erupted with
laughter I was like
oh I I have approved things wildly
Beyond this many times like that's
actually bad though I didn't know no one
told me oh my God because the approval
limits were set up when float plane was
completely separate so it was genuinely
not communicated to me at that time so
like our Cloud flare contract which is
like enormous certain other on I fought
for the best genuinely fought for like
the best thing we could get in a lot of
these occasions and that's the thing
though is which I think is why I didn't
get in trouble in in good faith if you
are doing the best thing for the company
and you can defend it like that's that's
honestly the The Guiding star that I
lived by was could I argue this and win
yeah and if I can argue it and win then
the conversation's over
and this is not advice and realistically
the trust level goes up it can however
if you if you just do what you think is
right and it turns out that either you
weren't right or your boss is an idiot
and doesn't understand you were right it
could be very harmful to your
it could even get you fired depending on
what's going on so like it's it's
genuinely not advice yeah and that end
uh my my mom loves to loves to phrase
things this way especially around like
traffic lessons for the kids uh she goes
it doesn't matter if you're in a
crosswalk it doesn't matter if the light
is red it doesn't matter if you see the
little Walky man you check you make sure
they are actually breaking
because sure
you can you can be right and dead but
you'll be dead right yeah yeah um and
and I think it's those are those are
words to live by in everything you know
walking across the street uh career
relationship it doesn't matter if you're
right if you get killed in the
process yeah XG Ford says boss's idiot
is the issue that's fair enough uh data
frecking says got hit in a crosswalk
yeah 100% yep yep Arbiter case says I
was hit by a car when I was in a
crosswalk had the right of wa 100% man I
uh I
I didn't take a course until I learned
to ride a motorcycle and what I found
out was I just kind of naturally do a
lot of defensive driving things but one
of them is that I do not start moving
when a light turns
green no way scan I am making sure I
making damn good andure that the cars on
both side are decelerating with enough
space to not enter the intersection
every single time I've been honked at
cuz I've been like I have not determined
that it is safe to proceed yet and I'm
just sitting there um I had a I I have a
very clean driving record I've never hit
anything I've never been hit I've
everything's nice I had a scare the
other day it was raining really really
hard yeah visibility was not very good
I'm turning in
a uh it's like off a seldom used Street
into a parking lot
there's someone that comes out from
behind my pillar like I couldn't see
them and they're wearing all black
visibility is terrible it's raining and
I see them come to a stop and I slam the
car into a stop at the same time and
it's like possible that that could have
been bad and I was just like oh man um
and cuz like it doesn't matter that
you're wearing all black it doesn't
matter that it's raining it's my fault
it's still your fault yeah uh CEO tan
CEO Taran has uh had a really good uh
trick that uh I've used since I saw him
do it uh whenever he goes around a blind
Corner um he'll flash his beams or honk
like if it's a bad blind corner and I
saw him do this in a parade was where
where it like was where it f first came
up to give you some idea like how blind
this corner needs to don't don't punk
your horn every time you turn your car
obviously uh but like um that's a good
one yeah in there's a there's a par
there's a parking lot that I often pull
into that has an uncontrolled T
intersection where there is not a lot of
traffic and you may have even seen me do
this but if it's night time I flash my
beams as I'm going toward that
intersection to make sure that's it's
obvious someone is coming you never you
never know like people people get hit by
trains and that's not because they're
dumb it's sometimes it is but it's often
not because they're dumb it's because
it's not always obvious unless they're
is like motion there there has to be
something to break us out of our out of
our Zone super zoned out sometimes yeah
exactly exactly yeah I I have caught
myself being really aggressive about
like physically moving myself so that I
can check behind pillars whenever I'm
going around corners I've always been
really good about checking for bikes all
that other time type of stuff but I I
realized in that moment that I don't
think I've been super good about making
sure there isn't a thin pedestrian
behind the pillar you know it's
something I've noticed too as I'm
getting older shoulder checking is more
work it's like actually harder now
that's interesting I don't really
thought about that I used to be I used
to be like skinnier and just you know
just generally Wier like I didn't take
up as much space uh like I've probably
since I since I worked at NCIX I've
probably put on about 25 lbs
which at for 56 is like a fair bit I'm
just like generally stiffer like I'm
just always like sore from working out
in your defense I think a lot of it's
been muscle yeah but I just mean like
like I was just like you know just like
moving around in a seat yeah was easier
it does get harder yeah um and like you
know you my neck's stiffer than it used
to be and stuff so so it's it's
something that I I realized a little
while ago and I was like okay I need to
make a very conscious effort cuz I I was
the kind of person who would like make
sure I've got nothing in front of me and
like look behind me like not a
peripheral Vision shoulder Checker I was
like anything back there let's go yeah
um but yeah just I just my my cheapness
doesn't want my insurance rate to go up
so I don't want to hit anything that is
not the reason and I care about everyone
being perfectly safe all the
time can you at least try to convince
me hey man they both count what a dick
at least the car is already red all
right Dan what are we supposed to
be that's a good point my my my leather
is white do you know how you know what a
bad decision that
[Laughter]
was yeah you can keep doing topics if
you as ag even further and the
incontinent sets in oh I mean there's
that
too ohle Ian we saw Dan leaking in the
uh Badminton Center tour oh yeah that's
bad what there was like a puddle on the
floor and I made an off-hand joke about
Dan peeing himself or something or like
I was just getting over food poisoning
something and he goes and like what did
you do you like crouched over it or
something I don't remember I actually
can't remember he did something
everything here is just a fever dream
she like Dan the joke you've taken the
you've T the joke was awful and
uncomfortable Ed to to cut back yeah
the editors can find the
line yeah who has more power in this
company than the
editors for real though oh they can make
a break you yeah they are the most
important thing they absolutely can
that's yeah that's something Ed taught
me early on not not in like by doing it
by making me look terrible yeah cuz you
were all like never piss off your it
admin and he was like never piss off
your editor cuz he he kepc first joined
he kept saying like it's all in the edit
it's all in the edit and I was like it's
all in theit way and then I was like oh
yeah we'd film something I'd be like
this was trash no one's ever going to
want to watch this and it comes out of
the edit I'm like wow it's pretty good
it's pretty watchable like okay like a
couple frames can make you seem like a
nonf funny like bumbling idiot or sharp
witted and hilarious actually like
frames even just adding yeah exactly a
little bit onto the end of every clip so
you just see like you're kind of nothing
lands and there's like awkward pauses
and then you turn back and it's great or
the whole roast video that had no
laughter it's
amazing to be clear it didn't need a
laugh track people were losing it um but
we didn't have the we didn't have the
audience miked
yeah ironically one of the first
Productions we ever did where we hired a
professional AV company to come in and
run the production for
us I had we had so many comments on that
video yeah these dummies never get it
right blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
it's like it wasn't even
us come on I mean we do make mistakes
absolutely but if I'm going to own
mistakes I'd like for them to at least
be our mistakes it's got 6 million views
yeah did okay it's really funny I've
gone back and watched it a couple times
I I'm sure I've said this a bunch of
times but I I I'm guessing on on average
I watch it like once a year yeah it's so
funny I always forget at least a good
chunk of it yeah Dennis and Ivon are so
good oh man Ivon did not hold back
[Laughter]
no oh it was great anyways we doing
topics topics let's do it we have a lot
of topics today you got about 40 minutes
till after dark Intel's Mega faab
possibly haunted Intel's planned German
MEAP faab has run into a potential snag
in that the currently empty field where
it's supposed to be built is also the
site of several Neolithic burial mounds
estimated to be about 6,000 years old
archa archaeologists have been examining
the area since last year and noticed
that a small hill in the industrial park
was actually an ancient grave complex
the site contains multiple Graves
including a chariot burial where
sacrificed cattle were buried alongside
a human being in formation that was
meant to imitate a driver and cart
pulled by The Animals archaeologists
will be working to preserve the
discovery though Intel is still expected
to begin construction on schedule can
you imagine being that archaeologist
like usually I would imagine you're kind
of working you know within budget at a
pace that is reasonable and it's going
to be like Pat gillson you're breathing
down your neck can we build yet can we
build yet billions of dollars you have
any idea how much our stock just crashed
based on how our Fab business is looking
right now I have some investors to
please can we build yet it would be kind
aake if they did like a statue of the
The Chariot setup to be clear to be
clear I still like Intel in the long
term but I made it very very clear not
investment advice never investment
advice not investment advice when I said
that that it was a long-term play
longterm play like geopolitical at some
point something might happen to tsmc and
Intel's Fab business might do really
good long-term play okay that's all uh
what else we got Google deletes
Incognito
data yeah Google has agreed to delete
all data collected while users were
browsing in incognito mode in order to
avoid a potential $5 billion fine for
failing to adequately inform users that
Google was still tracking them Google
initially argued that its incognito mode
Landing message that users's activity
might still be visible to websites that
they visit was was a sufficient warning
but gave up quickly after judge decided
that this language was obviously
misleading meanwhile Google is testing
device bound session
credentials great a way of
cryptographically tying session
credentials to a specific device in
order to prevent Bad actors from
accessing sensitive accounts by stealing
and cloning session credentials
discussion question is this enough what
about all the money they made with this
data while they had
it that's a good
point that is a good point I have no
idea I think this should decrease their
fine I don't think it should eliminate
the fine yeah I like they did the bad
thing it's not like you can be like oh
yeah I killed that guy but like look
look how alive he is um hello welcome to
the W show yeah exactly you like that's
not how that works you can't un crime
so for something like this in my opinion
they should figure out how much they
profited off of them and that should be
the fine if they sto doing it now
impossible though how could you possibly
quantify that I agree I mean that's how
I would like it Google might have their
own internal metrics for how much they
think the data is worth but you're
basically you're just trusting Google to
tell to tell you what it was worth yeah
weakened at Google they should
absolutely I can't take credit for that
joke that's uh that's GDB in float plane
chat heck yeah it should um there should
absolutely still be a fine this this is
getting off with nothing essentially
they did a crime until they got caught
and then didn't get in trouble for it
yeah it's like you've been robbing banks
for a long time yeah it's like you're
cheating on your you're cheating on your
spouse for 10 years and she catches you
and you're like okay well I will stop I
will not cheat anymore in this specific
way and then she's like great yeah well
no harm no foul then like what that's
not how this works that's not how I
Works apparently anyways one that I want
to talk about yeah Discord wants you to
make your friends watch ads nice this
week Discord will be expanding its Quest
program which I didn't even know exists
which sends notifications to some users
with an offer of in-game rewards if they
play certain games and stream them to
their friends these streams will have
ads that live in the bottom left uh
bottom left hand corner I guess of the
screen these ads will be targeted based
on information collected by Discord
though users can opt out both of this
data collection and all no notifications
related to
quests
H I have been wondering this whole time
how streaming on Discord makes any sense
for Discord at all and this really
didn't help me
understand do
tell are there costs like is it is it
direct user to user
somehow are they I don't think so so
it's going through Discord I mean all
the bandwidth of streams is going
through
Discord and they're going to offset it
with
this I mean this is better
than nothing but I just I just I mean
honestly Luke it must be it must be
going through their infra because
otherwise why would they limit the
quality so
hard yeah I mean that's a good point
like it could be just you know to make
you pay for Nitro like you make
compability reasons cuz some people's
computers won't be able to do it but
realistically I I I doubt it because
when when Discord was in hey we're just
VC funded and don't need to make any
money let's go mode they they made
everything as great as they possibly
could like I think I I I I actually even
from a even from a user safety
standpoint I kind of feel like they
would have to have it go through their
infra yeah because there are public
servers that people stream in for sure
yeah
yeah and and they could potentially be
liable for what someone sent to someone
else on the platform like they'd have to
have some kind of record of that um
apparently it is
direct oh Discord streams usually go
through stun turn servers okay hold on
hold on we're getting some no we're
getting
some uh conflicting information in the
float plane chat so I'm not 100% sure
hold on people are saying yeah Google
did not commit a crime um just
okay
technically probably not but stealing
telling you you're not telling someone
you're not going to take their personal
information and then taking it is that
not a crime it might not technically be
a crime but it's certainly not nice and
it should be that's that's where I'll
that's where I'll leave that sure we if
it isn't it should be none of this is
legal advice y hey that thing he said
yeah if it's peer-to-peer I've never
looked into this cuz like I don't care
that much it just seems a little weird
to me if it's peer-to-peer I totally get
it sounds
good
um yeah routing it through their service
yeah yeah whatever um but if it's peerto
peer then sure okay they found a cool
way to monetize it whatever you don't
have to do the quest you can opt out of
the data collection stuff seems all fine
to me
um how it all goes live yeah I don't
have time to read this right now but if
if they are doing like transcoding or
anything for it it makes no sense to me
at all if it's directly peer-to-peer
then sure okay makes sense go live
streams are transmitted to discord's
backend and then routed to viewers this
hides the IP addresses between users on
the call and allows the service to
control where the data is routed for
example the service will only relay
video to a participant on the call if
they are watching it the go live stream
is constrained by how much data can go
through the network because the stream
needs to be watchable for every viewer
the streamer will not transmit more data
than what the slowest connection can so
that could be a major reason that they
don't allow super high yeah in addition
a streamer will only translit data if at
least one viewer is
watching estimating bandwidth is
complicated how we measure
performance so yeah yeah they're not
transcoding that helps a lot no yeah the
no the client transcodes yeah yeah
doesn't solve
everything okay but do they still are
they still absorbing the bandwidth cost
that's what I want to
know I'm not
sure either way discord's model has
always been kind of wild to me you look
you look at how much teams and slack
cost and then you look at what Discord
does and in a huge amount of cases far
better than either of those
platforms and it's like what
maybe the real question should be why
does teams cost that much well and isn't
slack like uh did you see teams as being
decoupled from office did we talk about
that on WN already we haven't talked
about on W but that is very interesting
yeah it's a interesting timing
Microsoft's clearly going hm we push
this really hard in a way that
Regulators are going to be probably
super unimpressed by maybe if in good
faith we decouple this now they won't go
back and look at it cuz you know what
it's the only reason we used teams was
because we were effectively forced to
buy it because we needed
office I would have happily paid less
and not bought
teams it is a really interesting thing
because like the Taran linked me that
news article SE Linus you can un
crime that's actually pretty funny yeah
I mean I guess if in good faith you
stopped being
faithful before she found out that might
earn you some brownie points oh man I
think with most people not enough I mean
it's it's some if I did that I am still
dead oh I well yeah I won't be at work
the next day dude I won't be alive I'd
be alive ivonne's made it very clear
what would happen to
me I'd be alive as long as I don't bleed
out understood yeah makes sense and when
that woman says something you believe
her yeah she be scary sometimes
um what is it like okay yeah I thought I
heard I can't find anything on this
right now so I don't know if it's true
but I thought slack was like somehow
managing to
be uh to be having Financial issues but
I'm not finding anything on that so I
don't that that might have just been
completely made up but anyways um it is
something to now reconsider is the use
of teams
what AK Panda says you cannot bleed out
from such a small
[Music]
wound anyways
anyway we uh I'm no
[Laughter]
Drake
we we uh do we keep using teams there's
so many problems with it internally I
know and if it's being decoupled anyways
I just hate the pain of switching yeah
uh it's kind of bad though I
know yeah it's kind of usable though one
of the frustrating things yeah is slack
also has a ton of problems I've said it
before I'll say it again if Discord had
an Enterprise mode I just put us on
Discord 100% I'd support that
but it it there's just a few things
doesn't quite it honestly really doesn't
need much more which
is again so interesting to me like kind
of infuriating yeah like I can
understand the Discord branding just not
really making sense for them for a
corporate product yeah but they could
roll the same thing different logo yeah
yeah yeah cord
dis oh my God Sid Rock what's Rock chat
like I don't know what's what's
the I don't think you want
that I'm sure they could come up with
some name I use Discord for my company
head of it here that's cool we used to
use Discord for float plane as well
there's like some issues with it though
yeah
um I don't know it's not I I don't think
it's I'm you could probably get it most
of the way there for what we need if you
had a
probably an arrangement of like
different Bots and things to manage
different stuff um but there's like
there there's reasons you don't actually
necessarily want the window that someone
looks at this is less from it this is
more from like operations I guess but
you don't necessarily want the window
that someone needs to look at for work
to also have all their personal stuff in
it and then okay so are you getting them
to have a different work Discord account
you can't moderate what other things
they're joining on the the work Discord
account um like removing adding and
removing someone from the server is not
as clean it's pretty easy to get off
task in Discord I'll tell you that much
you can data retain in slack and in
teams which ha has very
important um benefits for companies
right like if you have former staff
that's not with you anymore and you need
to like really need to have access to
those records uh you can really need
them like it can be it's not the kind of
thing that I would ever be comfortable
snooping on for no reason but if it was
really needed it could be like oh this
changes everything kind of thing in that
defense if you did Snoop on it for no
reason I don't think there's really a
way to do that without majorly alerting
the user so like which that's cool
actually um but yeah if you want to like
data retain direct messages that someone
has from their like work Discord like
yeah good luck unless you are creating
the Discord accounts for every one of
your users which then becomes like an
onboarding Nightmare and you have to
track all this stuff and it's just like
ah I don't know man I I think it's cool
that you use it I actually liked it for
a lot of when we used it for Flo plane
the reason why we the reason why we
stopped was uh Maxim maximum message
length um and code Snippets and a few
other things that were problematic back
then I've heard that those have got
gotten better and easier to deal with I
still don't think migrating back to it
is fully an option because of some of
the things that I just mentioned but I
honestly I really wish that yeah Discord
would figure that out because the calls
on
Discord the amount of times I've had
issues with calls on slack and teams
that I just know we wouldn't have had
these issues on Discord is insane
Discord calls are solid yeah I will have
issues in teams or slack sometimes and
certain people that I know will be
around on Discord I'll jump off the
teams or slack call and call that person
on Discord just to be sometimes I've
actually done it sometimes with just
employees if I have their Discord um but
sometimes I'll do it to friends just to
be like hey is my mic working and stuff
and they're like yeah I'm like okay bye
just hang up right away go back to the
work call to be like okay now I
confirmed it's not yeah yeah anyways
100% um they're they video they're
they're streaming even just
camera great screen sharing great never
any problems there text chat flows
really super well their bot support is
fantastic there's a lot of things that
they have going for them that's really
really good Google podcasts speaking of
companies that have things going for
them that are good and then just I don't
know uh Google podcast go byebye see I
actually don't care I don't listen to
podcasts but so but you seem more
passionate about this let me podcast let
me read the thing really quick Google
podcast has finally shut down in the
United States is this going to be your
Google Play Music
cuz Google play music is like I I will
die on that Hill that YouTube music is a
piece of garbage and if they just
brought Google play music back in
exactly the form it was in like 5 years
ago or whenever they discontinued it it
would be better than anything else on
the market well I I agree cuz I used
Google play music I was I was a big
Google play music person why are you
using spotify stuff like that all right
so anyway Google podcast has finally
shut down in the United States and will
soon phase out in the rest of the world
as well in their announcement last year
the company indicated that they would be
focusing on YouTube music's podcasting
features instead oh good we've heard
this before apparently around
23% of us podcast listeners use YouTube
as their primary podcast listening
platform and only 4% use Google podcasts
Google's own podcast made by Google
though isn't available on the YouTube
music app yeah that's a fun one so um
why do you care why does this matter
like it's it's audio right so does it
matter what you play it in just help me
out here uh my the way that I had mine
set up I don't know if this is normal I
don't talk to anyone else that listens
to podcast about podcasts um but it
would it would I was like subscribed to
a couple podcasts and it would download
them for me so like when I'm on Wi-Fi it
downloads it yeah when I go out for a
run or whatever else it's downloaded I
don't have to this helps you not me cuz
you pay for my phone plan but like I I
do run that feature because I actually
don't want to just burn through mobile
data for no reason um I I like that it's
one specific subscription feed that
doesn't have the rest of my YouTube junk
in it that's just for podcast so when I
want podcasts I go to just this thing it
shows me the podcast that I'm subscribed
to and only those there there's there's
not a like I don't I don't remember
because I mean the app's probably gone
at this point but I think there was I'm
fairly certain there was a menu that I
went to that never had any
recommendations or anything it was just
the things I was subscribed to I could
see all the most recent things there
easy peasy no problem it worked
flawlessly I I saw no reason to need any
other thing for using podcasts it was
perfect just pulled up our podcast
because I guess this is a podcast
analytics and Google podcast is the
third highest at 8% of uh yeah there you
go so like cool okay a bunch of people
watch Joe Rogan on YouTube did we really
need to get rid of Google podcast
because of that like I don't fun fact
you said the app is probably gone um is
it still here it can be gone but it can
never be forgotten I I keep the Google
Play music app on my phone just just to
never forget I had where's the focus I
had the vessel app on my phone for years
yeah um do I still have vessel on here I
don't I think I eventually deleted
vessel I think I did too um
TUV yes I deleted vessel I think I do
have something that you haven't been
able to get for years though that isn't
vessel let's see is it the PT demo
no ha everybody's sad
now let's see I don't think other
platforms that work like what you want
Luke because oh you still can get it
okay cool all all kind of podcasts work
the same way as whatever but I have a
Google phone and I had the Google app
and it's fine that makes sense I don't
have to worry about there's there was no
like ads or anything it was free easy
simple that's probably why they got rid
of it um yeah not profitable enough got
yeah I don't know it just it just sucks
like in other good Google News Google
invents the Super Skip oh uh the source
here is Creator Insider YouTube is
experimenting with a potential new
feature he's feeling physical pain this
is great potential new feature called
Jump Ahead which allows premium users to
skip immediately to the best parts of
the video they're watching this will
also be available to creators on their
own videos even if they aren't a premium
subscriber I guess so you can see why
the heck this positive feedback loop
exists where the most popular part of
the video is now the only part anybody
is watching and becomes even more
popular and then so basically shorts
wasn't enough they want to turn vods
into shorts brilliant if a user has
already double tapped to skip forward
they'll get a jump ahead button that
takes them to a spot that YouTube's
algorithm thinks they might be looking
for based on their previous viewing
Behavior Google of course used the term
AI multiple times to describe this
feature our discussion question is could
this be valuable if implemented properly
or is this just encouraging us to turn
our brains to Mush would you get Ed to
script a thing that just constantly
edits our videos and moves where the
graphs
[Laughter]
are no cuz we've got our own that the
LTT Labs website hey yeah like we're
we're we're going to we're going to save
you the trouble if you don't like the
videos then we'll we'll have this sorted
out for you in the in the near future
okay yeah speaking of which they've
actually got another article up
there yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah of
course I did um so it's another GPU just
because that's what we are most we're
most set up for right now but we're
we're still optimizing a lot of things
we've made a lot of changes based on
your feedback from last time and a lot
of those changes are already live so all
that's up here all right so you can
author and you can share it yeah no
looks man it looks Pro dude it looks Pro
links to where to buy purchases May
provide compensation we had a lot of
people started asking are these
affiliate links yes yes they're
affiliate links oh yeah um expand you
can learn about the hardware you can we
got some pictures wait we we've got
we've got work to do on our pictures we
we know that I still really like the
Luma field scans I know so sick so cool
I would jump to these articles just to
see that I think those are so cool yeah
that thing as well we have a a dedicated
video coming on the L Luma field CT
scanner man oh we scanned Buzz Lightyear
from the tech shop just we scanned all
kinds of cool stuff for that yeah it was
Alex in charge of that video so you know
we scanned some memes um and not going
to lie like looking at the charts on
here is is a great experience yep
there it is you can if you guys didn't
watch last time then uh here I think
it's up here yep you can configure what
colors you like for for charts if you
are colorblind or have any other kind of
impairment that makes it difficult you
can change the theme of the site change
between Imperial and metric units super
cool I have feedback for my own
site you can just you know see whatever
charts it is you feel like looking at
what what's the best card for 4K rocket
League well basically anything okay uh
uh uh uh cyberpunk Hey here we go
freaking awesome oh wait hold on a
second what if I want to know about Ray
tracing performance I guess I could see
that here
f123 oh we only do 14 for that actually
kind of makes sense uh so there's our R
tracing performance and productivity oh
yes in a bench
GPU yeah man it's going to be great once
we've got oh
ooh can I add to the comparison
bin and add this to the comparison bin
oh there's a faster way to do this add
to the compar does the comparison bin
work no
way okay so I can see the highlights I
can see the tested settings I can see
their supported features
ooh
ooh OEM Technologies I can see what test
bench they were tested on to make sure
that they are
comparable very cool I can be linked to
this product if it were to exist at some
point uh oh that's just to buy it okay
well it'd be cool if that could go to
the um our product page for it
eventually eventually when we have it um
maybe I I kind of like the affiliate
link thing there so maybe we could
actually have things for both or
something super cool got to make money
somehow you know we just want to make
things we just want to make things both
we can link to the review and the
affiliate but we just want to make
things easier okay and
uh it would be nice in the long term to
standardize our testing to the point
where uh we can with a high degree of
confidence show you both cards on the
same graph but as it is now there's a
lot of work to do before we can do that
with confidence it's a dangerous step
it's a cool step y it's a dangerous step
cuz I think there's there's going to be
a time in the future where people are
going to want and we are going to want
to fulfill the need for this um people
are going to want to compare things that
weren't tested Apples to Apples so if we
can figure out
through similar work to what we did when
we were testing our 7800x 3DS to see
which ones were close enough if we can
if we can do the work to figure out what
those error bars should look like
um we would like to be able to present
that data with asterisks right because
we can't uh we can't test every single
GPU under every single
circumstance um so if it's like yeah
okay these are both on the same graph
but note that this one is using a
generation newer driver or even a faster
Ram when we had upgraded our test
platform or something like
that in time in time sorry I wanted to
get that very exciting though man the
teams worked so
hard all right what else we got today oh
truth
social I can't believe we've never
talked about truth social have we not
we've like mentioned it in passing it's
a big social media site is it they went
public oh yeah their valuation valuation
uh8 billion 8 billion dollar yep IPO a
few weeks ago March 26th under the
ticker code djt it closed the day at
almost $8
billion the site has around 5 million
active monthly users and then 7 Days
Later FEC filing showed that it had lost
$58 million in 2023
and made $4.8 million in Revenue isn't
that better what than what Twitter was
doing uh
no I thought Twitter was losing like a
lot more than that right but Twitter had
revenue and like user growth user growth
yeah so uh users aren't growing got it
yeah uh following this Revelation the
stock began to Crater yeah
um wait yeah what the ticker code is djt
yeah that took me a second to like
someone in float plane chat questioned
it and I was like hold on there's been a
bunch of behind the scenes Shenanigans
um former president Donald Trump uh sued
a couple of the of his co-founders in an
apparent attempt to consolidate shares
in the company um a pair of brothers who
were early investors pled guilty to
insider trading related to the merger of
digital world acquisition Corp and truth
socials parent company so that was part
of the deal that took it public
um I don't know how much it's worth
right
now let's let's go have a look oh no not
Dow Jones
Transportation um that that came up for
me too I mean it's a more relevant stock
why why am I not just
getting why am I not just getting a
proper stupid thing here yeah weird not
Digital World acquisition oh man I just
want oh well okay it's a trending it's
apparently a trending ticker so here
hold on I just all I have to do is click
it course it is here we go all right so
uh how we doing here so at launch is
there even a month of History yet no
yeah so at launch it actually went up
which is uh which is something um and
then this is honestly not as bad as I
expected
yeah yeah it's only down from a high of
75ish to uh 40 which if you put a lot of
what if you put a meaningful amount of
your money into it you'd probably be
pretty disappointed about absolutely but
we've seen worse maybe I'm just
desensitized from looking at
coins I'm not sure I don't know anyway
the only the only thing the only really
the only thing that we're really um the
only reason we're really bringing this
up is this is not Financial advice but
oh do not with this
stock people smarter than you who have
been playing the game longer than you
are manipulating this both up and down
you do not want to be caught holding the
bag this is not a real social media
platform there is no real business
model watch out $4.8 million in Revenue
truth social is a smaller less
profitable company than lonus Media
Group Incorporated in
fact hold on time to raise that 8
billion dude hold on a second let's go
hold on a second build a heck of a
lab in Revenue you going to tell people
Revenue in Revenue okay it is no no no
no no just relax oh my reverse look at
his hands he's like uh yeah yeah yeah no
so in in Revenue in Revenue it
is not even triple the size of float
plane media ink
yeah I never even did that okay and I
have intentionally fudged things a
little hey man I'm down with less than a
just a little bit less than a third of 8
billion yeah let's do do it just to give
you guys some some much needed
context if truth social is worth $8
billion float plane media
Inc is at least A2 and5 billion dollar
company so we're we're going we're going
out for Stakes after this is what you're
saying it's not sorry you can get a
higher approval limit now Luke
we can get new pens new pens new pens
would be awesome the only pen on my desk
is one someone gave to me float plane
media float plane media is also more
profitable than truth social that's yeah
I
mean the fundamentals I would hope it
would be do wow ly did the bare minimum
you're you're not you're not like you
know down 10x your Revenue wow
so watch
out I mean should we take float plane
public no I could use a billion dollars
you know if we're going to raise if
we're going to raise a Big B I'm down
with it yeah let's go I mean heck yeah I
mean pajama pants for all no pants at
work just I mean we got a billion
dollars in the bank who cares yeah yeah
people like shut up and take my money do
it do it guys guys no you shouldn't
invest in float plane no that wasn't my
point my you guys collectively have a
billion dollars yeah my point wasn't to
invest in float plane my point was do
not get mixed up in this truth social
thing
because whatever you bet if you bet it's
going up it's going to go down if you
bet it's going down it's going to go up
it is being manipulated on both
sides
be
smart be smart that's uh that's all I
really wanted to say that Riley was
super worried when I was like yeah we're
going to talk about truth social on the
show he's
like like no no no no no no no no no no
no no no we're just we we are just what
we're really talking about is how flow
plane is worth a billion dollars yeah
this is not Financial
advice I'll put all my lonus coin in
float plane heck yeah hey when's the Ico
boys man if we were willing to grift
hard man ah we could have made so much
more money could have made so much more
money yeah H sometimes I wish we were
eer there's been a few discussions where
we're like
wow we could really do this hey the best
can you believe how much money there is
in promoting gambling oh
man oh you could have probably overd
doubled the company revenue and I'm not
kidding I know yeah I know like people
might think you you heard the valuation
that was or at least the proposed
evaluation that that happened a while
ago that would
just you would completely blow it out of
the water it wouldn't even be close
wouldn't even be sort of close it might
be significantly more than 2x actually
like there is trust me I've seen offers
a disgusting amount of money offers come
it's not that we don't promote gambling
because we never got
contacted come on don't kid yourself I
know creators personally CU I don't
think I've seen our offers actually but
I've seen offers to other creators I
know creators personally that have
received offers for gambling
sponsorships that are many times bigger
than other unrelated to gambling offers
that I've seen us receive and take
because we thought they were good this
Creator in particular if I remember
correctly was significantly less than
like a tenth of our
size just Monster money it's crazy and
you wonder
like turns out stealing people money is
good business
yeah yeah I shouldn't say stealing
you gave it to them sure yeah but just
taking people's money is good business
soone like planty time no no that's a
that's a lot less than that's a that's
an inside
reference um y yeah it was incredible
amounts of money and you think too when
it's
like smaller
creators I can see they do it got it's
got to be hard it's lifechanging it's
like if you've got medical bills
people if if money's super tight and
someone knocks on your door and it's
like hey this is a really important
point because I have the luxury like I
have to I have to step back and
appreciate that I have the luxury to say
no we can make it without it yep I that
was a big moment for me was when we
reached the point where I could walk
away from any deal and it from any
company and it wouldn't matter yeah cuz
we we walked away from some deals early
on but it hurt man we've walked away
from entire relationships Nvidia is back
though you saw that sponsored video
they're back upgrading our wor setup uh
Jessica making not her onscreen debut
cuz she's been on W show before and
stuff like that but this is the first
time in a Mainline LT video I thought
she did a great job um we really really
improved her setup so if you haven't
watched it yet you're going to want to
check it out her podcasting setup was
literally in a closet um sorry and it
still is but it's a better closet
improved closet new and improved closet
2 now with 30% more
closet do you move a wall uh someone in
Phil PL Chat N golden 2020 said nearly
$200 million us doar were bet in North
Carolina's first week of legalized
sports
betting
wow how are there even $200 billion
million oh M oh that makes way more
sense yeah even so I might have said
billion I meant million2 million fifth
of a b yeah like that's a fifth of the
valuation flow
plan sometimes I do sometimes I do
wonder sometimes I do Wonder having the
community that we have if we were just
like hey
realistically we're pretty upfront with
you guys anyway so what we just
formalized this we release quarterly
earnings reports and blah blah blah blah
blah and if you want to give us your
money I just keep all the controlling
shares kind of like Zuck did and like
sure by all means and then what like I
just maybe I just lack creativity but I
wouldn't know what to do with it like
let's say our valuation wasn't $8
billion let's say it
was $8 million okay more than that let's
say it was $80 million what would I even
do I have a I don't know if this is
spicy take or not I have a take on this
it feels like a spicy take okay yeah
let's hear a spicy take what what what
would we do I think you need to
not I think you'd go
insane not because there's so many
things you could spend your money on but
because you'd need a new thing to Chase
and you'd have so much money that it
would be so hard youd have to like make
a Fab or something ridiculous like it it
would be but like think about it okay
not that we couldn't afford that with
$80 million no but that's the point
oh cuz he does this we'll like we'll
like be very successful and then he'll
be like okay now we're going to do this
crazy thing and I'm going to go super
negative I'm going to risk it all we're
gonna I'm going to like Leverage all the
different things I'm going to do all
this other kind of stuff and we're going
to do this it's going to be successful
we're going to be fine this so this is
why I don't promote gambling because I
have a
problem but it's like usually the plans
good and it like yeah we will fine it
has worked I every time well some are
some are TBD but yeah I'm feeling good
I'm feeling good but liance will get too
comfortable and then he's
like I need
something I got to I got to buy a
building figure out something to put in
it start a game publisher you know like
like stuff we stuff we've kicked the
tires on we start a system integrator
man when we did that video uh upgrading
my game here and uh David's Game Boy
Advance I was like I had we had you and
I had a conversation about starting a
company I was like man the problems in
this space are that
there's it's it's like I can have a
reliable source for the part a good
price or fast pick one to two yeah right
often one often one and so I was like
man if we could we make like a like a
retro console you know modding like
One-Stop shop where we we basically take
on the inventory risk of you know
ordering enough that these small
manufacturers can afford to do a run of
stupid Game Gear backlights or or
whatever it is so so we hold the
inventory um we use our brand we use our
trusted brand to um give people
confidence in in the product we we stand
behind the product with the trust me bro
guarantee uh we we continue to expand by
taking our stor room of parts and
allowing people to ship in their
consoles so we hire technicians to
perform upgrades for people and offer it
as a service like there's a whole
there's a whole road map here boys I I
actually ran the numbers I think we
could get it started for probably less
than 150 Grand
like no no no no I don't need another
project part of his problem is that he
surrounds himself with people like
me so I'm just going to be like yeah
cool
let's do it it is cool it is a lot of
the ideas are cool it's a great idea but
this is a problem if you just suddenly
had $80 million oh yeah you're going to
be like we do 80 ideas yeah you're not
wrong yeah you're not wrong see that's
the thing it's like a lot of people talk
about that offer we got and like like I
have like I have that's in the bank how
many figures is that I don't
remember nine nine like I have nine
figures in the bank it it doesn't it
doesn't work like that that's uh that's
theoretical that's theor iCal net worth
it's not it's not real and if I if I
were to sell it today it's probably not
worth that much that was based on the
kind of exponential growth that we were
experiencing at that time we've gotten
things are a little bit in more of a
mature state right now and um we've also
got some big bets that are taking time
to reach fruition
um but yeah we we don't have that kind
of actual like cash reserves just
sitting around it's not really how
businesses work and borrowing is uh so
expensive right now to be clear I'm not
going to complain because a lot of
people are worried about the borrowing
that they're doing on their bloody homes
and how to figure out how to pay their
mortgage payments but debts it's been
challenging on the business side as well
without just free money flowing the way
that it did um so yeah we just you know
we just got to pick our battles but yeah
I think I think going public would
be
unnecessary we we've talked about it a
lot internally and I just don't I think
I mean realistically I've told I've told
Taran he's got the wheel like nothing's
off the table if he wants to like if he
thinks that's the the right path then
he's you know free to make a case and
and try and do it and and make a go of
it but I I don't I don't see I think you
would want to anyways I could see I I've
kind of wondered before about like a
part of the business a particular part
for some reason like maybe maybe you
actually
wanted I don't I don't
know I don't know maybe for some reason
not even necessarily to raise money
let's say something wild like we started
um remember that gaming Hotel I stayed
in like 5 years ago yeah so if we were
to start like a gaming Hotel business
okay and it's a complete spin-off it's
got like LTT branding on it it's like
there's gaming systems in every room uh
but other than that it has no Financial
tie to Linus Media Group or float plane
or the you do would be wild oh it'd be
so cool with gaming IPS well or or even
like Hardware IPS I don't know how I
don't know how gaming IPS would work if
everything you buy is licensed does
anything restrict you from putting it in
a commercial space Oh I was even
thinking getting them to like pay you to
do it potentially some I mean there's
certainly companies that would not give
us the time of day but but if not yeah
what what are they what are they going
to do like if you have a a a figure of a
plumber who goes into pipes sometimes I
mean the company you're talking about
the figure sure they way is there is
there a terms terms of service of buying
a figurine I mean if it's an amiibo I
bet there is
but yeah yeah I wonder about that that's
something you'd have to ask you'd have
to ask the lawyers but if you created it
yourself like if you drew it I think
you'd be in
trouble interesting nobody goes after
like you know the the local Tim Hortons
that you know draws a Christmas scene on
their thing and then wipes it in Janu
anuary or whatever uh but in terms of
like if you are offering a a a plumber
room at your gaming hotel and you've
like custom
created Mario alike assets i i i
i that's that's a commercial Endeavor
you are effectively selling access to
Mario's likeness like there's no way
yeah um Tim SP asks are you going to
talk about all the Geek Squad layoffs
that came out in the past couple of days
does it change you look back at your
experience having them try to fix a
machine for you I mean my experience was
my experience I um I take back nothing
of what we said uh I think I think Best
Buy owes me a refund um they did not fix
my problem they charged me 200 Canadian
rubles I haven't watched it yet but as
an ex-member of Geek Squad it just makes
me sad um as for as for the layoffs
that's extremely sad because like so
many corporate layoffs this feels like
one
where it comes down to mismanagement
right like whether you over hired or
whether you're not bringing in business
well enough it's not the fault of
those Frontline agents right that that
customers aren't coming in
it's part of it honestly computers just
don't have as many problems these days I
mean that's that's that's fair but
also oh man that's a tough one because
it's not like it's not like Geek Squad
is something that um
it's not like they haven't had plenty of
opportunities to observe a slow decline
in unreliability totally and and adjust
their Staffing levels accordingly I just
I I don't know if I buy that as an
excuse yeah that's
fair I just scrolled down to where
people are talking about
um just like Nintendo and amiibos you
don't own the amiibo you bought a
license to look at it at Nintendo's
convenience yeah exactly oh my goodness
love
it all right in other news the indie
game Gold Rush seems to be over Red Hook
and medrite the Developers for darkest
dungeon and slay the Spire respectively
say that funding has dried up for Indie
Games I think it's megacrit oh sorry
yeah that makes way more sense uh
notably sources like exclusive deals for
the epic game store and Xbox game pass
which have both slowed
significantly they say that most other
devs they've talked to have reported a
similar experience of finding typical
funding streams significantly cut back
or canceled both Studios say they're
lucky to be in the position to sell fund
but they'll be putting on a triple ey
Showcase of upcoming Indie titles on
April 10th to give other India
developers more visibility that's a
really cool thing to do very cool and uh
we'd love to see what comes out of that
that's uh that's 5 days from now our
discussion question is is this the end
of the Indie boom or just a gully and I
I don't think anything's going to stop
the Indie boom if if anything I think
we're going to see another boom from all
the talented people that are getting let
go from the major development houses
right now yeah um they're going to need
to do something and their experience is
game development so you put two and two
together and I talk about that in the
flow plan exclusive where I said I was
going to talk about Starfield and ended
up talking about the game industry I
talk about that exact same thing very
nice yeah uh Mega crit they they make
slay the Spy I'm a massive ridiculous
slay Spire nerd um you know when the the
whole Unity thing went down Unity got
weird with their which one yeah I think
it was I think it was one of the more
recent ones but that that is kind of
funny um mega crit responded by looking
into gdau essentially and they made a
free game called dancing
duelist and it's actually like
amazing new game from Mega crit this was
about 6 months ago which lines up pretty
well I think with the last time that
Unity went a little crazy um it's a it's
a deck building game similar to how say
the Spire is a deck building game but it
plays completely differently and it's
very fun free little game you can like
essentially fully beat it um in like
probably I don't know a day or two or
something but I I would check it out
Mega crit super
cool
yeah uh what else do we have for topics
today outlook's been doing some sketchy
stuff uh email service proton is
accusing Microsoft's new Outlook app of
being a massive net for user data
collection according to users in Europe
who downloaded the app a popup user
agreement discloses that Microsoft
shares users information with 801
third-party Partners the app also
prompts users to pick their own ads
layout for where advertisements will
appear in the app Mac users will have
some ads that appear as Inox messages
both from Microsoft and from other
parties UK users can access a list of
advertising Partners in the Outlook
settings menu menu which shows a large
number of AD companies these settings
are unavailable in the US and
Switzerland where proton is based while
UK users have some ability to refuse to
share with certain advertisers this
appears to be purposefully confusing
with some advertisers requiring
affirmative consent While others require
an opt
out according to German it experts at
Heist online this new outlook also takes
IMAP and SMTP credentials your username
and password password from other
accounts synced with the Outlook app
which would also give the company access
to emails from those other accounts even
if you cancel because they've already
stored that
information Germany's federal
commissioner for data protection and
Freedom of Information rri kelber has
expressed concern about the app's data
farming capabilities and announced that
he intends to discuss the issue with
relevant Regulators in the coming week
common EU win I suspect the same stuff
is not happening to Enterprise look
accounts I mean who knows but you know
what is happening somebody tried to
corrupt Linux from the inside yeah
there's been some unfortunate things
going on a single off hours Microsoft
engineer has apparently foiled a longc
attempt to embed a serious security back
door into a widely distributed Linux
utility developer Andres
FR was spending his long weekend doing
some micro benchmarking when he noticed
that encrypted logins to excuse me
um okay lib
LZ sorry not sure how to pronounce that
um we're using a surprising amount of
CPU he tracked the issue to a back door
in the Upstream XZ utils repository
which appears to inject malicious code
during SSH authorization in order to
enable unauthorized remote access the
back door appears to have been added in
February and never managed to make its
way into the production release of a
major drro it was uncovered in beta
versions of Fedora Rawhide and Debian
which have been rolled back accordingly
fend track the changes to a user who
goes by gatan or
g75 who has been a regular contributor
since October of
2021 however there is no evidence that
this person even exists outside of their
presence as a project XY contributor
leading some security researchers to
speculate that they might be sing a
single purpose identity created by a
state sponsored attacker G t75 is
believed to have gradually amassed
increasingly invasive permissions in
part by making genuine code
contributions but also possibly through
a sock puppet campaign to pressure the
original Dev to speed up development by
opening those permissions to
others
absolutely
Insidious um which makes you wonder how
much of this did make it through at some
point yeah I mean this type of stuff has
happened before um like the login
credentials for contributors to open
source projects that are widely used are
like very
valuable um to like maintain your
accounts and whatnot it doesn't happen
very often I think I just said it's
happened before I didn't say said it
happen often
um because I think that Community is
like pretty on the nose about this type
of stuff um there's there's it's it's
relatively commonly said that like open
source stuff is generally more secure
because more people are looking at it it
doesn't mean it's immune to security
problems it just means it can
potentially be more secure um it does it
definitely doesn't mean it is more
secure you can have projects that are
abandoned you can have not eyeballs on
it doesn't automatically mean a lot of
people are looking at it and assessing
it um but yeah it sucks it just another
reminder that absolutely nothing is
fully secure at any point in
time that's
it yeah it's frustrating to see this
kind of thing degrade trust in open
source overall I um I would say overall
you're probably still better off there
yeah it's like I just said everything
has problems everything has problems you
shouldn't have been blindly trusting
open source um you also shouldn't
blindly trust some close source
application from somebody else um so it
is what it is you also shouldn't blindly
Trust Twitter turns out there's still a
bunch of Hypocrites when it comes to
privacy I know right no way the
intercept has acquired emails between
the Secret Service and surveillance firm
data minor that show that Elon musk's X
has continued secretly selling massive
amounts of user data for the explicit
purpose of government surveillance this
goes against X Twitter's own use policy
which forbids conducting or providing
surveillance or gathering intelligence
so it's only okay when we do it for
money while Twitter is not directly
selling this information to the
government it is knowingly leasing the
information to an intermediary broker
which is immediately turning it over to
the government for law enforcement and
surveillance purpose surveillance
purposes for the last decade Twitter has
also been pursuing a lawsuit demanding
that they be allowed to publicly
disclose more information about national
security letters that the government
uses to compel social media companies to
turn over user data m continued the suit
after taking over the site and called
the Supreme Court's January decision to
strike the case down disappointing a
discussion question here is Twitter's
hypocrisy obviously predates musk's
tenure but how has an overt Free Speech
Advocate managed to wind up with such a
similar stance on cooperating with
government surveillance as the people he
sought to usurp I actually have a
feeling that it has less to do with
financial incentives and more has to do
with like you must do this
uh I mean you don't have to take money
for it I have a feeling there isn't
really another option it's like here
take the money or will'll just destroy
you anyways um I don't know not sure I
mean I would be interested to see if
there's a similar arrangement with meta
I'd be Sim I'd be curious to see if
there's a similar arrangement with you
know a Discord we know this just
happened with
YouTube yeah but that's not really the
same arrangement
yeah yeah they weren't selling to data
Brokers for it to be used for government
surveillance I I really don't think
that's the same thing yeah yeah oh yeah
all I'm really trying to say is if right
now at least if the government wants
your stuff for the most part they're
going to get it this is why companies
that like really really really talk
about privacy don't have anything they
don't have any of the information so
that when the government comes knocking
they literally can't give it to them
it's not a function which to be clear is
not something that you can necessarily
trust either no I mean a lot of VPN
providers say oh yeah no
laws but you are just it's full trust me
bro you can't prove they don't have
anything unless it's actually been
tested in court before and even then
just because it's been tested once
doesn't mean that something didn't
change something can change on doesn't
mean that there isn't like a malicious
actor in there somehow who is personally
yep like it's it's yeah I don't know
it's a
thing I think the main thing that I'm
trying to say is that I don't trust that
it would completely stop even if there
wasn't Financial incentive I don't trust
that it would completely stop but um it
might be different it might be smaller
in scope it's not in the dock but
apparently like it's it's it's basically
like an all you can eat API access is is
my understanding of it it's like no it's
it's like it's bad it's yeah it's you
know it's it's really bad I had never
heard of this I don't know the scope of
it or how much money is being exchanged
I mean it's one of those things where if
thep y wasn't already obvious when um uh
when he sued that that Watchdog group
that like anti-hate speech Watchdog
group for saying stuff he didn't like
really yeah it's like free speech is not
just speech you agree with it's free
speech oh wait was this the
Anti-Defamation League stuff uh no I
don't think it was them I think it was
someone else I don't know basically I
like actually try not to follow it cuz
it just yeah there's a not for-profit
that reported on an increase in hate
speech and that that may be true that
may be not true he might agree he might
not agree but what it what what what
they said was was free speech it it was
free speech and you can't just be like
no I don't like that free speech and try
to sue them to not say it I will say
it's not what the you can't be a free
speech absolutist if you are going to
selectively yeah it's not how it works
yeah I um yeah I always hated Twitter I
will absolutely admit it is more useless
now than like ever I use
up a ton of people were saying it was
going to go down and I was like I don't
think so I got a lot of hate for that
and it's still up so it is still up
screw you guys but um it is definitely
more useless the amount of like I I
think there's more spam now I have no
scientific reason to think this but it
sure as heck feels like it so much spam
oh my goodness I can't even it's like
overran man when I when I click a
trending topic it's hard for me to even
find out why it's trending something
sometimes okay I felt that before the
biote I never had that problem
interesting usually the first 20 or so
were relevant enough and had enough
likes that I could I could tell you know
is it are they dead is it pedophilia you
know like like what is it why why are
they trending you know now I will click
on something and I'm actually not sure
for and sometimes I will even go as far
as just giving up and Googling name
controversy to find what the heck is
going on it's it's pretty I I definitely
use it less than I ever have yeah yeah
and I and I and I don't that's true for
me as
well and I don't even really think I'm
using it less because like musk bought
it I'm just using it less cuz like well
you made your position very clear you
always considered it a dumpster fire I
still need to use it for DMS yeah so I'm
still on it a little bit but I think my
I think my app limit right now is like 3
minutes or 5 minutes or something like
it's really short but realistically
you're objectively wrong because even a
trash tier crappier clone of it is worth
$8 billion so you've clearly missed
something here
what oh man yeah that's okay the
purchase price for Twitter that's all
right was a bargain based on the value
of Truth social that's a that's a that's
a really interesting take actually would
he pay 44 million it was it was 40
something he should write the art of the
deal yeah yeah um incredible deal
absolutely incredible deal the best deal
um hey a a a co-authored book between
musk and Trump on making deals there's
no way they'd be able to agree on Whose
name goes first on the cover
please oh man it's like it's like it's
one of those reflective ones where you
have to like look at it the right way to
have the name show up but then they who
gets to be the one on the right yeah
stole my
joke and that's why my name would go
first oh man that was pretty funny oh
terrible I I love that joke I don't know
if it landed with the audience but I
thought it was hilarious I think you did
great thanks it was pretty funny uh we
have a good pivot I can't find the topic
though the Google SEO thing
oh wow this is a huge topic how did it
take us this long to get to it house
fresh by the way I've never heard of
this website before potentially because
Google's squashing it this is a very
well- written article and this I I know
I read some other stuff on the site it
seems great cool I like actually like
want to use this site now y so hopefully
you guys find it interesting too this
write up is fantastic it's really long
we're not going to be able to cover it
all you should go to the website host
fresh
this particular one is David versus
digital goliaths yeah y incredibly well
written um we'll give you the kind of
the the summary that is going to tell
you enough to make you want to go read
the article and find out how you are
being misled this is something that I
have been aware of for a long time it's
something that I am aware is getting
worse it's was the major major motivator
that made me ultimately say okay we need
to build a testing lab so clearly it's
something that I believe in very but
hearing someone else express it way
better than I could and dive really far
into the intricacies of like how and and
patterns and all this other type of
stuff how product testing is dying and
why um and like being stomped on its
head while it's being buried at the same
time so house fresh a product review
site that focuses on air purifiers has
published a an incredible analysis on
how a small set of large media
publishers are gaming Google search by
flooding the web with lazy listicles
that recommend products that they have
never even touched it's it's lazy
listicles is fun alliteration I would go
as far as to say it's basically fraud
according to house fresh these articles
are all extremely similar to one another
at least in part because they are all
entirely based on Amazon listing
information and marketing materials put
out by the manufacturers these articles
are branded under well-known seemingly
reputable names like BuzzFeed Forbes
Popular Science and rolling stone but
they are sharply lower in quality and
effort than most of their other articles
to the point where it can be kind of
jarring actually and they and they they
talk through how this happened with
large
um hold on a second yeah with large
media publishers acquiring the rights to
these names and then leaving only
skeleton crews in place to continue
publishing a little bit of good stuff to
keep the reputation going while just
lazily dumping garbage affiliate Revenue
maximizing crap down people's throats
while house fresh says that Google's
product revieww updates generally
improve the ranking of articles that
actually provide independent information
and thorough research consumers looking
to make an educated purchase are still
having to Wade through countless reviews
from people who have never even seen the
thing in person and this is absolutely
something that I've experienced but
something that I didn't dig deep enough
to understand just how broken it is like
there's this one air purifier that they
kind of go into in the article because
they tested it and it
fundamentally doesn't work and is loud
and is
expensive and they're just like they're
sitting there going there is no way on
this green earth that anybody who knows
anything tested this and recommended it
and yet it tops all of these
recommendation lists and they basically
dug into it and they like oh it's
because it pays the most affiliate
commission and we've talked about this
before um remember I figured out why
$80,000 area rugs exist and it turns out
it's because interior designers get paid
a percentage of the total bill well the
higher the price the better the listicle
commission because it's percentage based
so you're basically being misled to buy
a more expensive thing and it's
disguised as editorial content I mean
it's one thing if it is an ad an ads an
ad a properly disclosed ad like when
Miss Vicky paid me to tell you about
their zero trans fat low and saturated
fat no preservatives kettle chips uh
that's what the style of chips is called
right I don't know it doesn't yeah
kettle cooked potato chip okay they
didn't sponsor us but the point is when
something is clearly disclosed it's an
app it's clear that these talking points
are coming from the manufacturer but
these listicles are not they're not
disclosed it's not clear what the
relationship is and it seems like
editorial content and some of the people
publishing these if they're people at
all or writing these rather some of the
people writing these assuming they are
people are publishing so many of these
that there is just there is no feasible
way that they have ever even laid hands
on these products and I've seen it
before I bought windshield wipers for my
tyan from one of these listicles that
ended up not being compatible because
they never actually tried it yeah I made
it
compatible Dan's into it Dan's very into
that so much respect so let's go
um but they
weren't but like actually
though um so yeah you you need to go
read it Dan can we get this Linked In
the description as well this is really
really really important this this is why
we're building the lab because it is so
hard to find good information anymore
and they lay out a really convincing and
scary case for why it's going to get so
much harder I genuinely don't think
there's been very many articles maybe
even single digit that are like more
beneficial to go read instead of just
listen to what we've said there is so
much information in this it's actually
it's crazy dense with two s's it's
really long and it's very dense each
individual paragraph is interesting like
actually go read it
yep and it actually really matters
because you need to send this to anyone
you know who shops online basically or
looks for basically any information
because it shows you just how easily
gamed the system is and house fresh
doesn't even blame Google outright for
this yeah it's clear that this is a case
where Google is in good faith trying to
do the right thing and surface accurate
information which is
interesting but there's just the the
Avalanche of
is just it's burying any
nuggets of good information because and
we know this we know this from building
the lab testing products properly is
really freaking hard it's a ton of work
um I mean oh
man uh we showed off the latest draft of
power supply circuit internally and even
internally there's a lot of commentary
on for example the uh the aii voice over
that we're using and the kind of um
monotonous sort of scripted shots and
they're like I don't understand the
value of this and it's like whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa this is completely
different from anything we've done in
the past enyclopedia the value is not in
the entertainment for this at all it's
just that we understand that consumers
are going to look for information in
video form even though this really would
be better off as an article and an
article will be available but we
understand people are going to be
looking for this information in video
and if we look at what other similar
power supply focused videos are doing in
terms of viewership on YouTube our
production budget our total budget for
each of these videos would be somewhere
between $2 and
$60 so we're between a rock and a hard
place obviously we would love to use
humans to do all of the work and humans
are doing a lot of the work humans
developed all these processes humans are
testing the power supplies that's that's
that's the meat right there that's being
done by skilled humans right we would
love to use humans for everything and
have a human host and uh have bespoke
editing for every single episode but if
I were to tell you okay well your
production budget is $9 and I were to
pay humans in such a way that we were
able to survive on $9 of Revenue I'd be
a monster I'd be a stop I'd be a monster
and then if I say okay well this is net
new work that nobody was doing before
and actually creates additional jobs
building these systems and doing all
this testing um but this is the way to
make it sustainable you tell me I'm a
monster because we're using an AI
voiceover and it's like okay well now
hold on a
second this is in my opinion a best case
scenario for machine learning it just
doesn't exist we're not going to do it
without it can't exist yeah that's the
thing it's not that it doesn't it's that
it cannot it's not economically viable
for us to do this the traditional way
that we've done things and I think uh
there is a pretty good point brought up
in phili you have an unlimited budget
because it's a tax rate
off thank you for that
um there are legitimate concerns like
that people have brought up okay well if
we're doing it in power supply circuit
then could that infect the other
channels um that is I mean that is the
last thing I want yeah I don't I it's
not like good you don't want to listen
to that AI voice no not at all I mean if
we can get to the point where power
supply circuit is averaging 100,000
views and we're taking on we're taking
on sponsors
and hey have faith yeah sure and we're
taking on sponsors and we're doing like
huge affiliate Revenue through it
because people really value the
independent testing then yeah let's
let's let's build a proper Channel
around it but we have to start somewhere
and right now the meat of it is the
testing and we just need a vehicle yeah
my only real notable take from it was
that I don't think it should be you
personally yeah I um I've seen people
feel strongly about it both ways it's
about 5050 interes
interesting the the feedback that I have
received directly the like non-anonymous
feedback that I have received which I
will now
keep Anonymous um but was all in
alignment with
that but I mean it was a very small
portion of the company as a whole so
it's not representative it's both ways
uh it as it turns out and I think that I
can't tell because the feedback form
itself was Anonymous um so I can't tell
like good and bad you can't continue the
conversation seems like based on the
perspectives like I don't know which
individuals responded but it seems like
based on the perspectives that the lines
kind of fall between
departments um so some departments feel
more strongly that like having it be
lonus will make it feel less like
someone whose J got taken by Ai and more
like Linus didn't have time that day
okay and then on the other side it's
look if we're going to be uncanny valley
can we at least just be uncanny valley
with someone that is not a real person
and it seems like there's a clean line
right down the the middle that's really
interesting yeah I
know uh zenel says I'm confused LTT
isn't using real voices so again you
know our budget our production budget
for some of these videos because we
don't know what the budget is until we
publish it and see how much money comes
in right our budget for these videos
based on what dedicated power supply
videos are doing right now on YouTube
could be as low as2
to3
no no there's there it's not even yeah
it doesn't make any sense no and we need
we need to get this out there this is
even really a it's not a business move
it's like rtra says you could not do a
video and promote heavily the written
article yeah that worked great for
written
media over the last 10 years also some
people just will not read it yeah even
if we're we're completely ignoring the
business case cuz these videos are going
to make no money but even if we
completely ignore the business case
there are people that will not read an
article but they will watch a video that
is
absolutely a thing yep there's also
people that are just never going to
leave YouTube there's been this
consolidation issue this the the the
house fresh article kind of talks about
this and there's been other people
talking about this recently as well
where like the internet is turning into
a very small the whole surf the Internet
and check out all these different
websites thing is like dead already it's
become a very very small pool of
websites that have all of the even
smaller than you think because a lot of
the sites that you think are separate
are actually owned by large publishing
by large Publishers yeah so
like it's it's it can be very hard when
that's what you've grown up in or that's
the practice that you've gotten used to
uh it can be very hard to get people off
of that small group of websites so
they're just going to want to stay on
YouTube or whatever
else uh pfy I don't know F on on Flow
plane chat said my my younger siblings
search for products SL restaurants on
Tik Tok so we've already so coming back
to the plan to uh to have these videos
AI voice overed AI edited because the
shots are all standardized because a
power supply that's why we started with
power supplies cuz they're all
fundamentally the same size and shape
yeah with fundamentally the same
physical features so all the shots are
going to be along sort of pre-planned
movements and then it is basically cut
together with a template and then
validated by a human editor yeah that's
it um and so we're already looking at
okay can we do a shortened version of
the script that and then just dump it on
Tik Tok dump it on reals dump it on
Facebook
um because I mean at the very
least we want to be able to get real
valid information in front of people and
I think
harder than ever there's going to be
some compromises that we're going to
make along the way but the mission is a
good one and you know what we might find
out that this just is completely
ineffective and we've got to take a
different approach and we're going to be
open to that but we have to start
somewhere in again the non-anonymous
feedback that I received that I will now
forward as Anonymous feedback
um the people that I talk to would watch
it
actually but they're they're not going
to watch everything I I said
are going to be really low yeah no they
shouldn't watch everything that's the
whole point of this I saw I saw one
internal comment that sorry to be clear
I'm not saying this to you as if this is
a revelation to you I'm more talking
publicly I saw one internal comment that
was like this feels like a Content
Farm yes yeah it's supposed to be every
Power Supply ever yeah and I don't want
humans working at the content Farm yeah
I want humans doing the creative stuffff
the cool stuff but we need to have a
result when someone searches for this
power supply on Tik Tok and that's a
power supply that blows up or costs
twice as much as one that's
better we we have to address that and on
a$2 to $60 budget we aren't going to be
doing it with handcrafted human content
it's not going to happen right now now
and it's not intended to be like a like
popcorn viewing yeah it's not supposed
to be entertaining objective this is for
the bottom of the funnel where you have
you are aware of computers and you have
an intent to learn about computers and
you've decided to buy one and you are
choosing a particular component and you
want to learn about it or it's been
recommended to you like say you go to PC
part picker and you pick one of the
recommended builds and you're like uh
I've never heard of this power supply
before you look up one of the videos
you're like oh yeah okay it's cool now
you have the confidence when buying the
thing good kind of like what I think it
was uh Casey neistat said about the
Vision Pro that this is the worst Vision
Pro so the first video we upload will be
the worst video you know in terms of The
Uncanny Valley of the AI voiceover in
terms of the choreography of the shots
um it's going to it's going to take time
yeah it's going to take
time black smoke Rises says it sounds
kind of lame but I see the plan yes it's
not supposed to be super exciting
content it's not it's supposed to design
it's supposed to be what we could make
for under
$60 and remember it's not even under $60
by the time Lucas tests a power supply
we are underwater on a $60 budget very
significantly so it is are are you
effectively a negative budget don't
don't even worry about the the human
time are you counting the the like time
on that machine oh no exactly just do
the time on the machine I forget how
much that thing even costs but you have
to get updates to it oh no I'm not
factoring hey don't forget about the
square footage that that whole setup
with the environmental chamber don't
forget about the environmental chamber
literally just the space it doesn't just
run off of the chroma other cost than
space yeah yeah floor space Oh my God to
buy a lot of these power supplies if you
owned a parking lot how much more
profitable so much more like
your an Roi on one parking stall yeah 20
years like that's the thing guys you got
to try to try to look at what we're
doing and see the bigger picture here
this is not isn't a business move no
this is not a profit-taking Endeavor if
we can turn it into something profitable
we will if we can take this data and we
can find nuggets that turn into LT
videos that we can get sponsors of
course we're going to do that it's going
to feed into the businesses that make
money that would happen if we made the
videos or not guys the intent here is we
understand this is going to take time
but we are trying to build
something we're going to make some
mistakes it's going to take some time
we're going to have to learn some things
but that's that's part of the journey
right like if we I
mean I can't help myself
you got to dream big you know you got to
dream big I I heard there was a I tried
to invite you to I think you accepted it
whatever it doesn't matter but I I went
to invite you to a meeting next week to
talk about like the launch of the labs
website um and I gen genuinely don't
remember who but someone told me that
like and you had talked about it with
them at some point in time and you were
all excited about like what we can do
next and I was like
yeah they're like what do you mean I was
like like is is just this just how it
works it's it's that's good you know but
like I would be more stunned if you were
like this is the end I have no more
ideas I'd be like oh no oh yeah what
happened oh dude my idea Doc is is uh
extensive yeah girthy
bulging all right uh merch messages next
topic we have a lot next topics do we
have super checks after party
today I'm never going to get to go home
am I uh we can we can set up I mean
home's overrated uh uh if you want we
can uh we can get that going do you want
me to do that I don't know it's up to
the float plane people I'll tell you
what you can uh you can see if they care
that much this week I probably shouldn't
do many oh okay because I have to shift
relieve oh yeah okay no maybe maybe no
no checks after I could do like maybe
three yeah but that's that's a lot to
like Dread the whole thing up there no
no no sorry sorry I apologize I have
sick birds at home y Luke's got Luke's
got bird babies to to to take care of
yeah all right Dan hit us uh sure let's
see to be clear you're still not off the
hook on playing yeah I just I had
already planned to tell you like I got
to stop at 3: so I don't know probably
shouldn't do the whole setup it's all
good
yeah greetings LDL I have troubles for
getting my point across whenever there's
a collaborative discussion between me
and 10 other people in the group any
advice for a timidly shy person like me
um this is a tough one you're asking the
wrong two people I don't know about Dan
so much but um I'm actually pretty diid
yeah maybe Dan could field this one I
was hoping that you guys could tell me
uh I don't know you just yell over them
uh okay I have an
idea you turn them off you just turn off
their camera yeah exactly they don't
exist
anymore he doesn't he's still talking
somehow how's this working I don't get
it I turned him off he's still there's a
ghost in the machine he's still talking
uh something something that I've seen
people do that I think has actually
worked pretty effectively and also helps
if you have you know an issue with
public speaking is to present your idea
in some form that is like textual or
through a photograph or a chart or
whatever and then paste it into the chat
that everyone's using I was going to say
take notes and if you need some time to
process and collect your thoughts you
can always send it as a followup hey
during the meeting uh these are some
thoughts that I had uh or these are some
thoughts I had after the meeting if it
makes you uncomfortable to to to to talk
about how you know you you need time to
process because not everyone wants to
like just say that yeah I kind of you
know I'm a thorough thinker but I'm a
bit of a slower thinker no one wants to
say that out loud so you just yeah you
you can you can take some of um some of
that pressure off by not necessarily
trying to address it right in the middle
of the meeting I understand that that's
not always perfect because sometimes
things will hit an inflection point
decisions are made and you can
either you know Steer it in the right
direction or allow it to Veer off course
and it can be tough I I find if you can
get something that draws everyone's
direct attention that they have to like
you know read or look at for a second to
fully absorb you can actually get
everyone thinking about that thing for a
second and then hopefully you can talk
through it or just by looking at
whatever thing you delivered whether
it's a chart or a graph or a thing of
writing or whatever hopefully they can
get a point from it and then go from
there um it's not a perfect solution but
I've seen it used and I I think it works
pretty
well hello guys do you think the PS
portal was a success I've been trying
sorry I've been trying to get one but
they seem to be sold out everywhere live
in a studio with one TV and wife can't
sleep with
light I don't think it's a matter of
whether we think the PS portal was a
success the PS portal was clearly a
success it just wasn't for you if you're
someone who doesn't understand why
people want the PS portal uh and Tulio
clearly is one of the people who does
think the PS portal is a good idea and
Tulio the good news is there's lots of
other options uh with an app you can
pretty much replicate the experience of
the PS portal whether it's on a tablet
or on a
phone but you know it won't have a dual
sense style controller with smaller
joysticks mind you um so you know that
might work for you that might not work
for you uh yeah there's no there's no
question PS portal absolutely a success
did you see that thing where it was it
had been um it had been hacked to run
like emulated games and then uh Sony got
tipped off by um by someone and they
were able to patch it no that doesn't
happen very often yeah yeah anyway huh
yeah they disclosed to Sony how they had
worked around and uh and gotten it to do
that Luke if you had to buy another car
what would it be also thanks
for just the first part
okay
uh I have no idea I think I would know
what I would do if it was a new car but
I think the chance of me buying a new
car is very low okay well yeah but tell
us I think a Prius
Prime they've been doing really good
yeah the new one makes a lot more sense
than the old one I really like the whole
plug-in hybrid thing um they actually
like look pretty cool which is weird for
Priuses but they do look pretty cool um
and they they have good stats on them
for the whole plug-in hybrid thing um
but yeah I'm not I'm not super into the
new car thing so then I have no idea cuz
I don't know what the Ed Market looks
like right now people are upset cuz it's
a Prius yeah the new ones are pretty
cool hey I'm the guy who bought half a
dozen of the old black hats and got a
couple of the pro hats and recently and
uh got a couple of the pro hats recently
and love the lack of button on top and
clasp what other small changes in
products did we
miss so much uh I I wish we just filmed
our product development meetings because
there's so many good creative juices
flowing in them and there's so many
little details that even we forget by
the time the long road is over and we
actually released the product we put up
the product page and we're like how the
heck did we not mention this
um I don't know am I going to be able to
am I going to be able to come up with
something uh
oh man we
obsessed over the location of the LT
branding on the cable management arches
it was actually I think me who
ultimately made the call after we saw
the
prototypes um because we did prototype
it with an LTT logo here uh and I think
it was me who made the final call to say
no uh no visible branding because the
reason that this thing exists is for
people to obsess over their cables and
as much as we'd love to have our brand
all over your stuff because you know
Brands like that kind of thing uh it's
not the right thing for this product uh
so actually I I don't think on the
product page you can actually see the
LTT branding at all oh you know there it
[Laughter]
is so I don't know that's not really a
detail you wouldn't have noticed I'm
sure you noticed where The Branding was
on it but that's the that's the
background for why that happened that
you probably didn't realize like
how how long these conversations can be
sometimes amazing uh good day uh
actually I wasn't sure if you guys T
touched about this with the AI thing
sorry uh oh
ow what oh
oh oh wow did someone point that out or
did you just think of it h someone oh
nice completely missed the
transition all
right L show after dark let's go there
we go that's better can't remember if we
touched on this when you were talking
about AI with AI how do you think about
disclosure of use of AI in your content
should there be a consistent policy
should we even care as
viewers I think you should care but you
should
care if it affects the
quality which it almost certainly will
unless humans are hand curating it and
hand reviewing it in which case is it
really AI or is it more like disclosing
that you used a word
processor then no you shouldn't
care so yes but also no but yes but
maybe no uh we don't we don't have a
policy right now it's a really good
point um because I think everything that
we've used it for that's public facing
has been very clearly machine learning
like the uh I I showed you guys a
preview of what power supply circuit is
going to look like it's machine learning
up the butt
um definitely not attempting to hide it
in any way yeah I mean oh I mean okay
hold on no we uh we did we did um
actually use an llm prompt to get get
some starting points for the smash
Champs logo I
think or we at some point we we got some
some drafts and then we did a prompt and
then we got some ideas and we came to
the final one so it was very human done
but AI was used as a as a tool I mean
I've done AI idea generation
for T of things like how would we even
disclose that like we launch a new
feature on float plane it's like do we
disclose that AI was used as a
troubleshooting tool for some codes like
I software developers have been all over
this for for years I don't know man um I
I use it for sometimes I I'll not even I
wouldn't even necessarily say writer
block but sometimes I find starting an
email to take me too long and it's like
frustrating and I'm like I have to
respond to like 100 emails today so like
I just I need something to get me going
or like this is a long message I have a
lot of information to convey I need
to get them to actually read the thing
in the first bit and I I'll yeah I'll
use chat gbd or whatever to help me
start the writing but I never really
send actually chat gbd written
things so what does that
mean I don't
know I dinus Duke Lan and
leid how how much of din's little ones
remember the Langley house I doubt they
remember it at all I would suspect yeah
not at
all sorry I got to find another one of
these sorry go for it look I was going
to say didn't most of them not exist I'm
trying to think of the
timeline I think only one of them didn't
exist at all okay during that time yeah
yeah hi lldd good morning from Taiwan
compute tax is coming up any Taiwanese
food or places you definitely going to
have to go got to get me some soup
dumplings yes oh those are nice so good
dude that place Taiwanese style fried
chicken that place we were going to get
soup last year was awesome went there
like three different nights or something
oh yeah I don't even remember damn where
was I'm sure we could find it yeah it's
in it's going to be in my Google uh
timeline I I have like super creepy
location tracking on and the only real
reason that I do is because I just like
curiously going back and seeing where
I've gone like my uh my Google maps
location history is hilarious cuz like
there was a few years there where I was
TR boy was I ever traveling a lot all
check check this
out give it a
sec uh hold on uh here hold on
cities oh boy oh
boy it's
like red dots everywhere
um yeah everywhere as long as it's in
the northern hemisphere I realized I
have never been to the southern
hemisphere
yeah yeah typical Northeast they never
think about the
south where did that accent come from I
don't know nowhere in
particular okay hey Luke what's your oh
no oh God sorry s I'm almost ready uh oh
crap there's two places that I really
want to go this year Sun Moon Lake and
another one that I'm struggling to
remember the name of uh Jen J surprised
you're not going to like the eclipse or
whatever that seems like totally up your
alley I wanted to actually yeah I know I
couldn't go right
now all right yeah bummer it's
okay I've gone to eclipses in the
past it is what it is I there's a couple
people on the lab's team going I was
like take me nice pictures and and Dan
seagull I have already seen very nice
pictures taken by him so I trust all
right he'll get it done I believe sorry
what are you saying hey Luke what's your
rarest Pokmon go finds in your
connection uh collection uh I don't know
I assume it's Pokemon
go yeah yeah Pogo is Pokemon go yeah
yeah um probably shiny pacher
risu but I don't really care
lonus and Luke if you were to wake up in
a Freaky Friday situation what would be
your first actions as each
[Applause]
other okay moving
on it's not that after
dark you'd have to
check check to make sure that the birds
are okay that's what he's talking about
the birds are very important y yeah
um yeah yeah
yeah unplug all of the UniFi cameras I
would I would jump off of something not
not too high but relatively High to get
some gravity in me and see what the
impact is like weighing that much you
mean that little that little yeah but
it's going to be a way bigger fall I've
I've weighed twice as much as lonus for
like you know what quite but I'd go
somewhere where there's lots of short
people I was over in Japan and like I
realized that that whole experience that
people talk about where it's like just
like being taller than everyone else
well I've never had that you know what I
would have the being taller than
everyone else experience okay yeah
that's what I would
do I mean that would require some
planning would that be the very first
thing I would do probably not I
don't I feel like a lot of what I would
do wouldn't be that different yeah no
really like I don't really see how being
Luke would actually change my lifestyle
a
ton we do a lot of maybe not the same
thing but very related yeah Li says
badon I work out
yeah man I would hate dragging your
gigantic ass around on the court this is
why I was saying the first thing I would
do is jump basically that would suck cuz
I would just be like wow
yeah you'd be older
though yeah it's not that much older
yep would your wife consider ITA we will
not be discussing
that would you sit on uh opposite sides
of the WAN
table o that would probably feel the
most wrong no
no yeah not at all I don't even think I
could do the show seeing colors
differently and like tasting things
differently and stuff would would
definitely be a lot more jarring
yeah
um yeah I don't
know I don't know I definitely do
something really embarrassing as him
because being a public figure I kind of
like I have to be on my best behavior
all the
time and yeah he's a public figure too
but I don't give a because it's
him so I do something like really weird
like streak in the park or something you
know nice yeah have we gone streak
freaking no nice I'm I'm far too
conservative and shy M yep I uh actually
it's it's funny like I play a very
outgoing character on TV but I
am like not on TV yeah yeah when I'm I'm
I'm actually pretty withdrawn when I'm
not on TV yeah um like being being
outgoing and uh
like doing an underwear shoot for me
very uncomfortable and challenging
especially the first time like I have to
push myself for a lot of what I do
here here's a question if you had if
there was the option yeah for like 24
hours would you do it yes or
no I would immediately no question I
feel like I would for like pretty much
anyone
though yeah I just think it'd be such a
such an interesting experience Freaky
Friday that's for sure yeah even even
even just the like Vision though I mean
be really interesting to see you're
downgraded ass Vision probably wouldn't
be uh you get wrecked great for me but
even just like the color shift of it I'm
still over 2020 baby I just got my eyes
checked nice yeah I'm definitely not
there's a matter it's a matter of time
for me though it's it's it's not like as
good as it was think that's pretty
normal yeah um seeing things differently
hearing things differently tasting
things differently experiencing things
differently in general I just would be
so interesting you know what's funny is
we've talked about this before but it's
been in the context of substance
use and what I have said before because
I've I've not with you this particular
from this particular perspective but
I've had the argument made to me that it
can be good for broadening your
perspectives and uh and helping you
experience things in a in a new way and
and sort of what I've what I've said is
is that I tend to be um quite
controlling of my experiences and I tend
to I tend to be
um I tend to like to be in control of
myself yeah and this would be me
literally not being in control of myself
at all honestly I have it's a big ass I
have considered the ramifications of
what the other person would do
practically not at
all so yeah that might change my mind a
little bit I'm just like I'm thinking
like to be clear if it my own shift if
it was you if it was if it was you and
this was a consensual body switch with
ground wasn't really thinking about it
it's cuz I'm not too worried about that
then that's one thing right but if you
don't touch the
partners right yeah leave it alone yeah
exactly but I I I feel like most of the
like ground rule thing like yes we
should lay them out if but that's also
not really the point of Freaky Friday
necessarily that's true it it's part of
the point is you are I think that's
another reason why I'm okay with it
though is because I don't think we would
have to actually have to establish those
yeah like I wouldn't be worried about
getting my body back with diseases you
know like it's not it's not like that um
but I I I would literally not be in
control of myself which is something
that I am deeply unsettled by so it's
not an obvious yes to me it's something
I'd have to I'd have to Fester on for a
little bit I wouldn't be too worried
about it you bruise me up a little bit
it's fine cuz there's there's got to be
if if it were to happen the first few
minutes of God would be just pure chaos
I would think so
yeah yeah like it's what's going on and
when I and when I like accidentally hit
something it like damages it you know
feel like an ogre no offense I you would
probably
though you'd be like this
like looking up at people when they're
talking to you I have noticed somewhat
of a pattern is that I find smaller
people are more clumsy and my conclusion
is that I think it's cuz it matters less
yeah the consequences are like like what
I fall over I'm so close to the ground
anyway like the the impact is pretty low
you know yeah
yeah
anyways hi big Luke have you tried hold
on willing spy says oh no you'll have to
go to the bathroom
eventually yeah but I yeah I always sit
down anyway I don't have to
look you'd have to you'd have to
experience it oh yeah oh yeah yeah oh
yeah no but like actually mechanically
oh my God to go I I don't think I'd have
to do
[Music]
that anyways have you tried a virtual
challenge such as the Conqueror on your
fitness journey my girlfriend just
started routinely exercising and virtual
challenges have really kept her
going I don't really want to
say no I have not and if it's working
for them that's absolutely fantastic and
they should keep doing it and that's
great to me I'm a big hater looks like a
massive cash
grab you all challenges they have like
themed ones but they all they all cost
money do they yeah you get this cool
metal thing at the end okay so like if
your little Goblin collector brain is
motivated Enough by that to go out and
do stuff
great sure yeah but like Pokemon go
Pokemon go doesn't even doesn't even
work for most people yeah but but what
I'm saying like like I I don't I'm not
into this I it looks like a cash grab to
me personally um all that of stuff but
if it works for them great you saw what
happened when we launched our series 4
pins right yeah so some people bundle is
sold out some people might be super
motivated by this and if this motivates
you to to get up and go out for runs and
do stuff like that that's awesome it
wouldn't really work for me and it's an
expense so you might guess how I'm going
to feel about it um
okay it cost more than Z
yeah so
I I genuinely don't want to trash it
because if it's working for you then
awesome
but yeah I don't
know it is what it is question for slick
I have recently transitioned from IC to
em for a newly minted team uh individual
contributor to engineering manager yeah
I Googled them earlier but I can't
uh and I'm experiencing some trepidation
about the shift any advice or reference
material you found helpful uh reference
material most of what I learned about it
is from
Wendell uh I don't think he talks about
that stuff a ton on his channels um the
mythical man month is a cool book bit of
an outdated title but it's a cool book
um other than that there's tons of books
I read a bunch of books I'm still
reading books every now and then on the
topic um for the most part Honestly
though you'll be fine just care about
your team and you'll be fine this is
great trendy says sitting down to pee is
a prison thing and uh dei's got my back
here it's a tired in the middle of the
night and not wanting to turn on lights
or clean up a mess thing 100% I also uh
I also find that the other way is pretty
unsanitary because even if you don't hit
the seat the splashback is very
significant oh yeah yeah completely
agree also I often go in pairs to the
bathroom like number one and
two I often go in pairs so like it's
just inefficient yeah cuz I'm going to
end up sitting down anyways like what
was the point of that whole
charade I don't know it's also one of
the few times that I can get an
interrupted time on my phone yeah there
there's a lot of factors yeah there's a
lot of factors relax yeah I I stay a
while yeah to be clear I was joking that
I always sit down but I actually
do quite often cuz it's just like yeah
man I'm just like I'm I'm chilling in
here and I don't need like pee all over
the wall next to my toilet I just
actually don't need that it's one of the
reasons bathrooms smell so bad
especially men's bathrooms even if the
people who use it are accurate the
splash the splash bag it's real even and
even okay even if it doesn't like come
out of the bowl you're very likely
splashing the inside of the yeah it
splashes the underside so um and then it
doesn't get washed away properly I
realized this I realized how bad it was
when I was giving my uh one of my kids a
hard time and I bet you can imagine
which one about like aiming badly and
not cleaning up afterward and realized
that actually it wasn't that it was that
it was all collecting under and like
drying there and then it dries on and
it's gross just sucks gross
gross it's not worth it I sit down all
the
time unless I'm if you're at like a
public thing yeah I'm not a huge fan of
that I'm I'm a like foot with K kicking
up the seat touch nothing guy in public
washrooms yeah yeah 100 100% me too
totally like but if I'm at home like if
it's a particularly gross one I've even
been known to make a little toilet paper
seat for myself I'm I'm lazy about it
have you done the just power squat don't
touch no yeah no I haven't done the
power squat I've done that before that
can be uh can we talk about something
else now no ah yeah too
bad can you relay to Luke that he has a
very nice laugh and it is very
contagious is this a question no thank
you though it's funny I I read the
comments often I am I read the comments
often and it's so divisive oh yeah some
people hate it oh yeah it's and it like
no one really seems to be in the middle
people are like like it a lot or I ruin
the entire show and their whole lives
and they hate me Vite you're basically
vomite yeah yeah yeah hey dll Luke if
you were the chief Vis I don't know
Chief Vision officer at lmg would you
have started Labs knowing the immediate
return on investment and why yes but not
in the same
way and I think I've communicated this
to lonus and I don't I'm I'm not exactly
caged about my opinions on
things
um yeah I don't know I wouldn't have
gone as hard as fast um if it was which
I'm not saying this is better to be
clear is what I would have done um
but yeah I would have started with fewer
verticals I probably would have started
with like just like GPU CPU and
potentially nothing else or even just
GPU keep it really narrow figure out all
the processes figure out all the speed
bumps that you're going to run into with
just that vertical that apply to
multiple other verticals and then start
growing from there but kind of like
Master one and then grow that would have
been a lot slower that would have
accomplished the main primary goal that
lonus has a lot slower um that wouldn't
that would have caused major delays in a
lot of different ways um yeah but that
is probably maybe a little bit more
expanded than that maybe like depends
kind of who applies and what spe
Specialties they had maybe it would have
been a couple more things maybe it would
have been like GPU and keyboard I don't
know um but it would have been fewer
total things um probably kept the
original
location oh the little one yeah yeah
okay but the smaller team would have
actually been okay there's no way that
team would not work out of that office
you had to get something else oh yeah
but I would have kept scope scope small
and then tried to stay in there that's
fair um I mean the reason we didn't was
because there was so much work that was
going to have to be done regardless of
how many verticals we tackled like we
would still need the website and
basically it's exactly as it is form
yeah I'm not I'm genuinely not saying my
way is like for sure better and I'm not
saying my way is better either yeah I'm
just saying there were there were pros
and cons either way and uh there's
definitely been speed bumps that we've
hit that we wouldn't have with that
method but we might have hit different
speed bumps if you put all your eggs in
two baskets and one of them hits a
showstopper now you've got one basket
good job you're launching half as many
things as you set out to launch it's
tough and this is like the the kind of
like riskier way but if you make it the
payoff is bigger and faster so the
linest way that
is it is often how will
go and yeah Urban fervor says you have
to pick a direction eventually yeah y
That's you're never going to agree with
every single thing that the company that
you work for does and that's actually
okay and if that's not okay then you're
going to have a lot of problems even I
don't agree with everything the company
does yeah it's just it's true it's a
thing no
exaggeration I dll big fan of y'all
Luke a few weeks ago you mentioned
mattermost uh having its own issues as a
service could you elaborate I work for a
government organization that plans on
using it for secure
messaging oh man it's been a while we
tried out mattermost quite a while ago
um man it's been years since we tried it
so I'm not entirely certain if I
remember correctly this is selfhosted if
it's been that long it might be I don't
want to say challenging for us to say
too much about it
yeah um I mean maybe maybe hit us up
again once you guys have tried it and
let us know if our perception of it was
outdated I would be interested in that
take especially because with teams
decoupling it might legitimately be time
to reassess the chat Solutions Market
papaka says I use matter most with my
college buddies and it works great so
yeah but that's totally that's one
endorsement and that's all that's worth
but um yeah let us no we'd be we'd be
happy to to learn more about it the
professional self-hosted plan is $10 per
user per month build annually right now
wait a selfhosted and you pay $10 a
month well there's a free and there's a
self-hosted got it okay um I believe the
self-hosted tier the main difference is
things like
SSO um ldap user sync Advanced access
controls things like that that you
probably will want in an Enterprise
environment um maybe not for your Bros
at University but at an Enterprise
environment probably so you're likely
going to be targeting $10 a month
there's also a Enterprise option which
sounds like it's maybe them hosting it
okay um I don't know
okay I'm worth 40K in a bottle of beer
nice hell yeah LL what do you think or
feel about the
framework I hope everyone is okay glad I
got so cool I can't believe how fast
tsmc was back at work yeah like hours
wild
um yeah I mean obviously having all of
your manufacturing Consolidated in one
place is a big challenge but I know
framework has had um some feelings about
having their devices manufactured in
China and they've opted to keep their
Manufacturing in Taiwan at least for now
and um it's risky but hopefully uh
hopefully nothing too disastrous like
the um the Thailand floods that like
almost trashed the hard drive industry
for uh for a number of months there um
hopefully nothing like that happens and
of course uh hopefully if something like
that were to happen uh laptops and hard
drives would be the least of our
concerns and we would be uh more worried
about how to help the
people yeah I'm glad you're enjoying
your framework s uh framework 16 though
I obviously super super proud of what
the team is doing over there not proud
because like I helped necessarily but
proud because uh they just seem like
really cool people and I'm I'm proud of
their efforts they're working hard and
they're doing something they really
believe in and I think that's really
important and sorry I was muted for that
one it was uh what do you think about
the framework and the
earthquake oh yeah and they were
enjoying their framework 16 that's right
that's right last of the curi I've got
here howdy D I'm 6' 6 in 198
centimeters and would love to get your
shirts or flannels because my friends
love them so is there an ETA even an LT
ETA on when you're tall or big SKS start
please please um this shirt doesn't
cover my back it's very comfortable
though I think our next shirt order for
the blank te's should have tall sizes
can I can I get 50 I will actually I
want to be a cartoon character the
spending money if that happens cuz I
will legitimately replace my wardrobe I
will also be doing the exact same I will
get rid of everything and everything in
my wardrobe is LTD stuff they're good
shirts so they're great shirts
yeah um I don't know do you have a
favorite flower no me neither all right
sorry Brad
[Laughter]
F and I think that's it for the
show Brad F asked our favorite flowers
yeah yeah whatever get my wife off my
back Bran Bran come
on I don't know whole wheat it sounds
like it sounds like a hassle like I'm
sorry I have to put water in it and for
what so it dies slight slightly slower
yeah cool like your relationship all
right I think that's it for the show
we'll see you again next week same bad
time same bad Channel hey Terry Fox
Foundation bye
[Music]
okay I have this whole thing I need to
go
[Music]